Tom isn't going to give me that.
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.
It is he.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
This is Edward.
My name is Andrea.
Leave now.
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Tom didn't like Mary.
David Beckham is English.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Julian was wrong?
Anybody knows who Florence is?
My wife's name is Lidia Zarębowa.
All right.
Duh.
Nancy looks like my sister.
I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
Why does Tom call me Mary?
I'm learning Spanish.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
Don't put anything in the bag.
He likes re-watching the old videotapes.
I want to eat French cuisine.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
My heart was filled with happiness.
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
Please wait until the end of this month.
There are deep wrinkles on his face.
Will you stay at home?
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
I like both science and math.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
His response was contrary to our expectations.
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
She came to see us yesterday.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
You will be sorry for it some day.
I laid myself on the grass.
This is my camera.
I went to London.
I like your family.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
They're just talking shit.
I do my homework after school.
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
She writes an excellent hand.
There is an apple on the desk.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
Ask her when she comes back.
I am a student.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
Will I have a scar?
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
Anyone up for a game of poker?
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
The demand is huge.
Someone came.
I am here.
We cannot overestimate the value of health.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
The nurse is ill.
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
Miss! I feel sick.
They already called off the strike.
I don't know when he'll come.
Are you awake?
Give me your phone number.
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
Her grade in English was very good.
Why did you use up all the money?
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
I love egg yolks.
Not wanting is the same as having.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
Where are we?
This must be changed.
I'll give you a prescription.
Balls are round.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
The meals are not too good.
The station is not far from here.
Please sit down!
What's your problem?
She came across the street.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
I don't know what this word means.
You are to come here at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
I haven't changed.
She is busy with the care of her children.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
I know that it's hard to believe.
This wasn't such a good idea after all.
Why are you crying?
Everything is ready.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
Don't be nervous.
I can't leave home, even if only for a while.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
He is married to an American lady.
Sugar melts in hot water.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
The price is 20.5 yuan.
Parents love their children.
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country.
Haven't you chosen?
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
I met a friend.
Here's where they usually have dinner.
Just ask Tom.
When will we have arrived?
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.
Open fire!
He's able to speak Japanese.
"You can't answer my question with a question." "Why not?"
Tom doesn't like Boston.
Who is your favourite singer?
He painted the barn.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
Columbus discovered America.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
She has a tender heart.
People like him because he is kind.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
I haven't yet watched that video.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
Nice guys finish last.
I need to go home.
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
I like to take a walk after meals.
I ran as fast as possible.
We have a traitor among us.
Come back soon.
My home is far away.
Please wait one meter away.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
He is back.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
He looks like a sportsman, but he is a writer.
He found me a taxi.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
We have to go.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
The year of the snake has begun.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
"Did you watch TV on the weekend?" "No, I didn't."
I've heard this story before.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
That dog runs very fast.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
I must catch the first train.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
I have returned.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
I've already put Tom to work on it.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
Mary told John the secret.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
My head hurts.
The children rolled down the hill.
He is a teacher.
Can you freeze it?
His house is somewhere about here.
Why do you study every day?
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
You have a way with women.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
That architect builds very modern houses.
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
John is a good friend.
We have some decisions to make.
I don't understand German at all.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
I love music.
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
Why did you try to run away?
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
Everybody likes him.
I'm a little confused.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
This goblet is made of gold.
The room originally had no furniture.
What are you guys going to do?
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
Can I get by you?
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
Well then, have you decided?
It is easy to answer the question.
These people hate all foreigners.
I like coffee very much.
What is he so angry about?
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
Round trip or one-way?
Which ocean separates China and America?
He has completely lost all sense of duty.
It will soon be daybreak and I have to leave.
It's really hot here in the summer.
This photo was taken in Nara.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
Can you take a picture of us?
Can I borrow your car?
He asked me whether I like math.
We eat a meal three times a day.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
The horse is black.
If you smile, I'll be happy.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
Probably.
I'm not going to go to the party.
Behave yourself.
Let me try another one.
He sat down and read while his wife was cooking by the fire.
My data-burning software is showing an error message.
I'm certain that you saw Tom.
I made a decision to study abroad.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
Have you ever had any serious illness?
Can you hurry up a bit?
What should I bring?
He is from France.
I don't have any enemies.
Do you trust him?
Knock before entering the bathroom.
Do you want to sit down?
We helped them as well.
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
I never saw so big a whale.
They talk as though they were old friends.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
We think alike.
Fruit that has been left for a long time will shrink.
That's what I said.
He watched from a distance.
I have some time, but never very much...
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
When will I get to Tokyo?
If a person doesn't have a strong will, he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom.
I didn't get the joke.
They arrived late because of the storm.
That boy is intelligent.
To me, it is important.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.
I feel always restricted here.
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
They are not all at home right now.
I save what money I got.
He is the last person to speak ill of others.
She told me an interesting story.
It began to snow.
There's a small dog waiting at the door of a store.
The children have gone to school already.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
Where are you going?
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
I am learning Chinese.
I'm really sorry to make you wait.
Never have I felt better.
My uncle bought me this book.
Is it a long way to Tallinn?
Everyone was fine.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi.
You have heart disease.
Where is the tree?
What are you punishing them for?
May I try on this dress?
I like to travel alone.
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
You can use that phone.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
Nothing lasts forever, not for a long time, anyone can find an excuse to go ahead.
I'd like to say yes, but...
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
It's you I've come for.
There is an apple on the table.
I filled this glass with milk.
Today's Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity.
Which one is more expensive?
I'm very interested in languages.
This question isn't easy.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
What's new?
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
We lost it.
Don't move
I felt something moving on my back.
"'Story'?" the woman asked. "What do you mean?"
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.
How do you feel?
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
I wish you good luck.
Because your business can play to my strengths.
You don't need to call me.
I had two cars.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
You can no longer hurt me.
Turn left!
I think I'm intelligent.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
They must unite.
What is your name?
Is this all the thing?
You're drinking out of my cup.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
I am looking for a present for my mother.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
Are you a student?
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall.
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.
Give me five more minutes.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
So, what else is new?
The party was put off for a week.
Can you eat this?
Bush followed Reagan as president.
We have two examinations during this term.
He left behind some things for his son.
Congratulations!
She said that she was ill.
I'm sure that Tom will do very well.
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.
I'm angry with you about this.
I think you need to think about the future.
Don't underestimate me.
There's a reason the rumor exploded.
No one's stopping you.
"Tom can't stand me." "Nonsense! You're just imagining things!"
You filthy beast, get out of here!
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
I made other plans.
Wait here for a while.
My friend is seventeen.
She continued that you should keep your promise.
We are happy to see you again.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten.
In spite of everything, I think it's not bad.
I was alone in the classroom.
That's a stupid question!
Prices are going up.
I wonder what happened to her.
Ally loves playing with her twin sister Anne.
Give a lecture on literature.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I like songs in Esperanto.
I'm now busy writing a book.
According to a study published in 2016, Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country.
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.
I have a question I need to ask you.
We don't have enough time.
I have often listened to the music.
Well... the teacher said that we have to go into a group of 3-5 people, so this isn't going to work.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
Mary is interested in politics.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
He paid double fare.
I am fond of the cinema.
What's your marital status?
It's fall now.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
What's for supper?
I like eating Hami melons.
He studies French and web design.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
Tom is really worried.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
That money changed his life.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
How often do you wash your car a month?
I am dying for a cold drink.
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.
No problem.
The plan is to recruit 5 Java engineers before the end of next month.
Don't talk rubbish.
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.
I prefer not to talk about it.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
He is a stickler for principles.
Every day I take the tram to the office.
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
I'm currently a teacher at this school.
The fish are in the sea.
They adopted the little girl.
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
He has been absent from work for a week.
I am very happy to see you again.
He went to London in 1970.
I am eating an apple.
The excitement reached its peak.
I'll never allow you to do that.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
Don't try to trick me!
He is a genius.
As the story advances, the mystery unravels.
Could I have a cup of coffee?
My cats will love this.
We should help each other.
I'm good at math.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
Things are always more complex than we think.
We'd better wake Tom up.
Is there a metro station here?
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
This type of problem should be able to be solved.
You've made progress.
They are at lunch.
I don't have children.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
He even called me an idiot.
You people can't help yourselves.
It is high time you were in bed.
I'm getting too old for this job.
Are you not feeling well?
That's my final answer.
The dictionary is of great use to me.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
It has had no effect on him.
She lives in abundance.
I never expected I would end up crying today.
My father died when I was seven.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
He came back two days late.
This is not true.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
I'm Tom's wife.
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
What did you do at that moment?
I can't tell you any more, I've already said too much.
Follow us.
Chinese coastal cities are generally more developed than the inland ones.
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
We have a white cat.
Install Linux!
She's dieting.
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs.
There is a post office in front of the station.
The meeting has almost ended.
A ring and some cash are missing.
Can we take care of this tomorrow?
He is majoring in economics.
This sanza is really good!
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
I was nervous, too.
Through the lens the image was inverted.
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors, we need to readjust our strategies.
He is doing the homework.
Tom isn't here.
Tom was injured in the blast.
He has gone to London.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
My mother could speak five languages.
I often drink tea.
I received my birthday present.
Let me see.
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
Insects have a hard skin.
He hit his head against a rock.
I usually get up at 8.
I don't know this word's meaning.
He threw a stone at the dog.
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook.
I feel hungry.
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
Tom died recently.
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers, he said.
I like people with a sense of humour.
They're at the eatery looking at the menu.
You are honest to admit your mistake.
She looked all around.
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday.
I cannot bear this pain.
I'm responsible for that.
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time?
It's just your imagination.
It's no use your begging him for help.
That only happens in the movies.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
We've not done well.
He is less clever than his elder brother.
I have always been proud of you.
Where are we assembling?
He was late for the 7:30 bus.
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.
Forgive me!
John's two years older than me.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
I always get nervous just before a match.
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
I just wanted to check my email.
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
It's been a long war.
We met at the church.
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
Is this really worth it?
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
Don't flirt with the customers.
Dan wanted you to know that he didn't hate you.
There is a cow in the village.
My real address is as follows.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
I think exams ruin education.
I usually get up at 8.
I forgot to call him today.
Tom was sent to the worst prison in the country.
My dream is to be a doctor.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Won't you go?
Who is your teacher?
I would like an air-conditioned room.
He is armed to the teeth.
What he says is total nonsense.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
Her father died when she was three.
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
We kept quiet.
Trust me, I'm an engineer!
Come feel my forehead.
Are you married?
Let's deal with the formalities.
She may be proud of her daughter.
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
I'll go on QQ immediately.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
You're right in a sense.
I will not attend the party.
As the trees crave tranquility in the ever-persistent wind, the child craves the care of its ever-absent parents.
Can I drink alcohol?
Let's clean our room.
Don't cry.
What's your impression of China?
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.
Tom is serious now.
I ate that apple.
How did your journey begin?
You look tense.
Is this seat available?
A misfortune befell him.
Tom can't have done what you think he did.
Do you know a good restaurant?
I bought two pairs of trousers.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
When did the error occur?
Thanks in advance.
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
We've got to get you some help.
Don't forget us!
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography.
Tom owes us a favor.
Did something happen between the two of you? Why hasn't he been coming to pick you up recently?
If you spoke less and listened more, you'd definitely be able to learn something.
A cab is waiting.
I wanna get out of here!
I want some potatoes.
You got off easy.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
She always writes to her mother every week.
Her girlfriend is completely flat-chested.
He used to be a professor, but now he is the dean.
Can we trust them?
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
He likes to swim.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
Don't throw a stone at the dog.
What's the sense of working so hard?
Tom said he didn't see anything.
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.
If I knew the truth, I would tell you.
Where shall I wait for you?
This is really delicious.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
They agree.
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
Tom took his keys out of his pocket.
I have no friends to help me.
A dog will bark at strangers.
Stop talking.
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?
John is senior to me by two years.
Is your mother at home now?
Ken has two cats.
I have two older sisters.
It's now my turn.
My brother is two years older than I, but he is three centimeters shorter.
We didn't break in.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
Are you mad?
Human tissue is made up of cells.
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
What's your favorite television program?
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
My way is action not words.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
How long have you lived in Boston?
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
That's quite to my taste.
Let's leave her alone.
I'm free now.
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
He has strange ideas.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
We are worried about you.
That boy threw a chunk of stone.
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
Do you have a blog?
I am interested in movies.
I'll give you money.
She got out of the car.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
That person's so stingy that he won't even let the mouse have the chaff.
You're no match for him.
I was sore for three weeks.
Be still.
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?
I'm starved.
I need to find out when we need to be there.
He lives far away from my house.
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
Do you know this song?
No context, no text.
She has not seen him for a long time.
That person needs to be relieved from his/her post.
You remind me of a boy I used to know.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
He stopped reading the newspaper.
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
There is not much traffic on this road.
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba!
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Are you afraid of bugs?
Isn't he Italian?
I'm flattered.
I enjoy taking pictures.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
These are boys and those are girls.
I was pretty hungry.
Why do you want to study abroad?
Why are you feigning innocence!
I still don't understand everything he says.
Do you promise?
She gives us a washing machine.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
Did you come here alone?
How's life?
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
Whether by a Hitler salute or a hand on your heart, I consider the expression of patriotism to be the symptoms of a disease, whose cause and cure should be more closely studied.
The original edition is great, but the Portuguese translation contains errors.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
She made me wait for half an hour.
There's no one but me here.
Would you like to eat something?
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
I am proud of my father.
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.
I helped him yesterday.
He works really hard, and his co-workers respect him for it.
I drive to the office.
It's noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
Tom is no longer a member of this club.
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
Who is the woman standing there?
Please show me another one.
Steve looks quite happy.
Are you free on Tuesday?
We could see nothing but fog.
Don't waste your time.
What she said wasn't true.
You speak fluent English.
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
Possibly because he's got a beard, he looks scary at first glance but he's really a kind man.
We went to the café that I told you about.
I am not too rich, too fat or too happy.
Tom seems tough.
I don't speak French very much.
The main question is how does Tom feel.
When the ball was dead, Luis ran up to the ball and booted it.
Let's have dinner together.
Too much humility is pride.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theater?
The man works in his office.
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
Where's the post office?
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
How old is that painting?
Listening to the personal analysis about global economy made by people who watch only CCAV has always been kinda funny.
Tom is asleep on the couch.
Neither students nor teachers should ever stop learning.
She has no less than ten children.
I speak Swedish.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
I think she is very brave.
Your parents used to really love us.
I ordered frogs and noodles.
Why are you speaking loudly?
You don't seem to understand their good intentions.
It's too expensive.
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
Jim hasn't come yet.
It is just noon.
They drink cola.
Take it slowly.
May I bother you for a moment?
Mary hung her clothes on the clothesline.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
Mix the rice, egg and soy sauce.
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
The result confirmed my hypothesis.
This is my question.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
What just happened?
I lived for more than a month in Nagoya.
How come you're able to speak this language?
She can speak a type of Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
Why is he angry?
Ah Mei is an adorable girl.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
This morning, I woke up yet again to the sound of crying children.
Can you speak Klingon?
Let's get married!
How many years did Tom work here?
He does not have the money for buying a new car.
We toured all the major cities.
It turned out that the rumor was false.
She killed him with a knife.
He tends to lie.
Hands up!
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
I know what to say.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
I have never travelled in an airplane.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
I spent all day in the library.
Have you committed this number to memory?
Don't you lie!
I don't want dinner.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?
Tom was a little drunk.
You owe me an apology for that.
I took care of her.
She talks a lot.
My father will not let me marry him.
You lent me your shoulder for support.
When are you free?
Is there anything you can do?
Don't be so lazy.
Peter was an altruistic video game player; he would give items to people who needed them, rather than selling them for personal profit.
We gather here once a week.
Has your friend divorced?
Don't forget us.
It is too noisy around here; I can't concentrate.
I told you to get out.
A person who likes flowers can't be evil.
I know that life is short.
My brother is a teacher.
We were on the same train by chance.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
I dislike how he smiles.
Sami is ready to leave for the airport.
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
When facing this opportunity, you can't hesitate to take advantage of it.
They released the prisoner.
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
I'm not so brave.
You want to find someone with a good education, a good salary, good looks, and a good personality. Don't you think that that's aiming a bit too high?
I am not concerned with this affair.
How do I gain weight?
He took a quick look at the magazine.
He responded kindly to the question.
You must pay attention to him.
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
When did you learn to swim?
I seem to have a temperature.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
"Can you move over a bit?" "Yeah, sorry, I didn't realize I took up that much space."
We would rather eat snails tomorrow.
How about Thai food?
Tom tried to stab me.
I know you will.
He endeavored to win the contest.
The problem is we can't use our car on that day.
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.
Nobody can understand it.
Please have a seat.
He was late as usual.
Please pardon me for coming late.
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
Many students bought the book.
I don't like you.
Here are your keys.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
Were I you, I would study harder.
Shame on you!
Tom is a tax inspector.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
I know she is very lovely.
He'll be back home tomorrow.
Not every child likes apples.
Mr Wood came into the field.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
I'm using the computer.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
How many sandwiches are there left?
We have our own problems to solve.
I can verify that that's the truth myself.
All he thinks about is himself.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives.
Ann is a cheerleader.
Tom sent me an interesting text.
Whenever I get a large sum of money, I donate some of it to charity.
Where did you have your picture taken?
He's sitting in the meeting room.
I haven't met him.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
Every man has his price.
Breakfast is ready.
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
I will be back to join you in one month.
Her parents are very beautiful, but she looks ordinary.
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
He brought his dog to school.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
I would like to have a discussion with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Li.
I can't explain it now.
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
In a month, the weather won't be as hot as it is now.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
Do you know who they are?
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
This is for you.
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
The fire has gone out.
I promised myself that I would never do that again.
Her feelings are easily hurt.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I like to go fishing with my father.
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
That's my hobby.
He has made little progress in his English.
They say that he is an able man.
Phrases are syntactical units.
How long have you two been together?
Do you have a friend named Tom?
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
I was abducted by aliens.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
Boil some water.
You can tell us.
You should think before you speak.
The party was a success.
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
When did you begin studying English?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes.
That man who is looking at you, do you know him?
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
I must go home.
She was really upset at the time. She cried in the dorm the entire day.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
I don't like going out to have fun. Usually, I make my own coffee at home, and have a game of chess with a friend.
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
Liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible.
Even a child could do it.
I have not finished my homework yet.
The trip will take at least a week.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
Feel a little nauseous, but unable to puke.
We walk along the lakeside.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, — will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, — from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" — One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
He was injured in the leg.
From the moment that I met her, I hated her.
How high is Mount Everest?
She weeded the garden.
They left one after another.
Please wait a bit.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
Does he have a son?
This table is wooden.
I'll be sixteen in September.
The guy with a beard is Tom.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
What kind of people do you like best?
He believes there is a spy among us.
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
You should not waste your time.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
The sky looks angry.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose.
The lake is deepest at this spot.
Mike is the team's captain.
He spoke with evident glee.
The movie's about to start.
I cannot accept this gift.
This dog runs fast.
I don't like to drink coffee.
Good to see you.
I really like what I do.
She looks unhappy.
That is how he got out of danger.
Let’s go to the movies!
Can you let me pass?
I'd rather be with you.
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?
I'm still angry about that.
Everyone is here now.
I built a new house.
They speak English in Australia.
Can you speak Mandarin?
There's no love without jealousy.
Do you know how to speak?
Your words must correspond with your actions.
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage?
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
My friend believes conspiracy theories; should I try to prove him wrong?
I went to the cinema yesterday.
I want to sleep.
Pretty soon you will stop thinking of her.
She sleeps in the car.
I've lost my pen.
I don't like this.
I married eight years ago.
I helped her translate this sentence so many times.
He's able to speak Japanese.
The children were playing in the dirt.
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
When did you meet her?
Many workers starved to death.
Seeing this scene, I couldn’t help but sigh.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
I asked because I thought you knew.
Grr! I'm itchy all over, and it's driving me crazy.
I made use of the maps during my journey.
I came to Beijing last month.
He committed suicide.
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Learn Uyghur!
The CEO is very satisfied with the result.
Reluctantly, he started the engine and drove off.
Tom hates sports.
I am very sad that he has died.
He stood me up; I waited all evening for him!
We expect to win.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
Tom works as an elephant trainer in a circus.
How about going to the cinema?
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
Please write back soon.
Everything went well.
You want to watch a French film, is that right?
I listen to music.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
I was mildly disappointed.
Whenever I have a question, I just Google it.
I like freedom.
Tell me about your program for the future.
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
Come everyone and join us in drinking, dancing, chatting, and making new friends!
The weather is forecast scientifically.
You're all cowards.
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
That teapot's pretty dirty.
I wish to become a dentist in future.
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
It's hard to quit smoking.
You should have come earlier.
I don't have time for reading.
Her brother takes studying very seriously.
How're you doing?
This medicine will do you good.
He seems very interested in musical theatre and the like, and he also seems quite adept.
Thirdly, each team leader please report your progress.
I had lunch with him today.
Tom began talking.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
German is not an easy language.
You must account for your conduct.
I am sure the condition will turn for the better.
We won the battle.
I met a friend there.
Our baby was born healthy.
I have a friend who lives in England.
Thank you.
There were no mistakes.
Help me send out these two letters, all right?
He isn't going to buy a camera.
"I'll be back," said Tom.
My fountain pen is new.
The boy bowed to me.
You are a good driver.
Due to the water shortage, all the flowers in the garden have died.
You may go anywhere you like.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
Thank you very much for your gift.
My father stopped drinking.
Show me your passport, please.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
How are we going to pay for that?
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
A leopard never changes its spots.
Tom was buried Monday.
Okay, let's say no more about it.
I knew I was going to win.
Here comes the bride!
Don't be cruel to animals.
She's being considered for the job.
Where do I pay for the gas?
Nothing is achieved without effort.
Starting from now, I am going to be more rational.
Whatever is that noise?
I hate terrorist organizations.
She doesn't eat the red apple.
Will you please hold this edge?
What is that?
She is lacking in common sense.
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
Look at that house.
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.
I'm constantly studying.
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me.
He was born in the 19th century.
2016 was the hottest year on record.
Men can not exist without air.
This time I will not come back.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
He is in hospital.
I went there recently.
Tom should have arrived by now.
What books did you buy?
He pulled aside to let a truck pass.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
The cat is not dead.
He eats around the clock.
How dare you speak to me like that!
Tom is a native French speaker.
He won everything.
Do you smoke?
What can Tom do?
I went to the station to see my friend off.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of that.
The leaves rustle in the wind.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?
I had a good time at the party.
We have to do our best.
I accepted the offer.
Do you like cooking?
How long did it take you to write this report?
I gave the house to you.
I have a brother in Boston.
Judy looked at me.
You were at my wedding.
She put the money in the bank.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
Like it?
I still have a question.
Today she turns ten years old.
I find this problem easier than I originally thought.
What am I to do now?
I apologize for the methods used to get you here.
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.
You'd better see a doctor.
You haven't changed at all.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
He was brought up in Australia.
Marc regrets his mistake.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.
Do you study at a private school?
He is good to me.
I'm going upstairs.
He went back to the village after he graduated.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
I missed my stop. What should I do?
You can't come in with this.
I went to the hospital.
What were you doing in the attic?
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.
It's too late to apologize.
Don't let him hit you.
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
Give me something to do.
Upon seeing how ridiculous he looked, everyone could not help but laughing.
Did you see him at the park?
Your shirt button is coming off.
I feel a yearning for the university.
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.
Have you eaten yet?
He threw a stone at the big dog.
If I understood you right you want to break up with me!
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
I don't think that it's necessary.
Go forward, then turn right, go through the traffic light, and you're there.
Come along with me and go fishing.
I like these.
Why would you appear in my unit?
Please come over with your wife.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
I shouldn't have done it.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
He was involved in the trouble.
To tell the truth, I don't really like her.
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
You think it's a scary film.
I've been hanging out with him.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
Nothing can be explained.
All those dots are viral focuses.
I love bread.
Good luck on the exam!
Is the cat on or under the chair?
She is a second year student.
What should I buy?
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.
That child who spoke is my brother.
English is not my first language.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
We will never be able to return to the way things were in the past.
Have you got a beard already?
What's the round-trip fare?
I have too many things on my mind these days.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
If they hadn’t noticed, there wouldn’t have been any problems.
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.
I live in Canton.
Can I write it like that?
You'll be missed by your friends.
His ideas are always practical.
That's what Tom requested.
We would like to go very much.
I'll take you to the bus stop.
Cash donations will be accepted.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
I'm fed up with this.
We didn't know on which train they'd be coming.
He exchanges money at the bank.
Did you go out?
Those who know won't say, and those who will don't know.
Come with us.
We want a new carpet.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
Is a common European identity possible?
Tom is waiting for Mary to return.
He is the manager of the marketing department.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
I thought you were my friend.
This poem was written last night.
She adores cats.
I'll look after your child while you are away.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
Your father is Japanese.
I came, didn't I?
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
It doesn't matter.
Is this really real?
The train headed for the station.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
We have to find out where Tom is.
I am hot.
Stay with us.
I wish someone would help me with English composition.
She seems to be unhappy.
This book is very small.
No students went there yesterday.
These eating patterns are a learned behavior.
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
That shouldn't be hard for you.
His speech moved us.
They bought the same camera as you.
The dog barked softly.
The philosopher Socrates discussed death with his friends in prison.
Keep the window closed.
I want to know what you did this summer.
This room's pretty awesome, eh?
Why me?
Don't cast pearls before swine.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
Tom left the umbrella on the bus.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
I'd rather die than marry you!
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
You should come visit us!
Did you drink tea yesterday?
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do.
I'd like some time to consider before I make a decision.
The doctor felt my pulse.
Tom cut down a tree in his yard.
Despite everything he is still playing dumb.
It's already 11.
It's better than drinking cola, though it's not as good as drinking champagne.
Tom helped me fix my watch.
We are finding it difficult to decide which one to buy.
I hope you stop telling me lies.
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
Too bad I didn't wait for your response before I added the sentences.
You don't like love stories.
Tom wants to tell you something.
I won't sell this tree shade.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
I don't know why you listen to him.
Tom should be here soon.
This table is not good.
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.
We are anxious about her safety.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
Bob helped me.
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
This theory is very controversial.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
Tom should have plenty of time.
I don't know where your book is.
You're a celebrity now.
Goodbye and good luck.
You deserve to succeed.
I am disgusted with him.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
Mother is never impatient with us.
This expression is very Chinese.
The baby started to cry.
It's American.
Time waits for no one.
Happy Halloween!
This is the first time I have heard about it.
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
My mother's father is my maternal grandfather.
I don't understand any French.
What a huge setback will make a people suicide.
I said shut up!
Wienczysława is the most beautiful brunette in the workplace.
The fishing boat that had been missing returned to its port safely.
You stay up until two in the morning. You're such a night owl!
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
I don't know why you don't like Tom.
The hillside had torrential flooding from the west.
I have a home.
His son wants to be a lawyer.
My father has gone to America.
Mr. Wang, what kind of business are you engaged in?
You must not run in the school buildings.
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf.
She's coming!
Do you speak English?
What does this word mean?
Tom didn't specify what he wanted.
Don't look at them.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
You can't buy apples any more!
You're very smart.
Tom might've missed the last train.
My father's in the garden.
The year of the dragon has ended.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
Early bird gets the worm.
She didn't try to hide the truth.
It can be better with your younger sister.
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
Let's patch up our argument.
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
I need a friend.
Do you want to go to bed with me?
We don't trust Tom.
Look, it's my problem.
One dollar is equivalent to 110 yen.
Ken was reading when I came home.
This is a present for you.
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance.
Bring him over.
He almost froze to death from the snow.
Can I fix you a hot drink?
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
No matter how important the question may or may not be, you must solve it.
These shoes are too small.
I'll drive you to the airport.
The satellite came flying over Hanoi.
Spell your name, please.
I don't like wine.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
Please leave me alone.
We were very sleepy the next morning.
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Are you busy?
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic.
It's raining, so the kids aren't playing in the yard.
Is this legal?
Where is the hammer?
Could you stop saying that?
If you were a squirrel, what would you do?
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
He has no girlfriend.
You understand German, right?
Do you have a car?
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics.
We cannot see them.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
I'm glad you came over.
The first attack missed the target.
Tom sat beside Mary.
The risk is too great.
I'll try my best today, too.
You are responsible for the result.
He had some rice for supper.
Where are you planning to spend the night?
The original sentence means the opposite.
He'll definitely go to the U.S.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
I didn't like the interface of that operating system.
China is an emerging market.
I am amazed at your audacity.
Do you know me?
She gave her seat to an elderly person.
So many languages, so little time...
I didn't want to surprise you.
The Spain is great at keeping possession.
Our stuff got stolen, and we missed our train.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
His words broke her heart.
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders, and around the world.
We don't need you anymore.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
He knows many people.
Only four horses participated in the competition.
Is it true that your family will travel in Hokkaido? I envy you.
Does objective history exist?
You're sick. You have to rest.
He told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
Do you want to go there?
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
I had a little fever this morning.
Real friendship is more valuable than money.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
This is my father.
I thought it was true.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
This hut is a very special place.
How long have you been alienated from your family?
Did you pass your exams?
I think Tom is awake.
Tom said Mary was hungry.
I also know how to cook.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies into the problem.
Tom has lived here since 2003.
Tom lived there.
You will find it stated a few pages further on.
We weren't told where he came from.
Don't leave me by myself!
Don't ever talk to me again!
She's seventeen.
I would like to go to sleep now.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
Wine is put in barrels to mature.
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
I don't see any difference.
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn't sleep after I watched it.
What does it mean?
Some people criticized our decision.
Who likes beans?
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
We gave the performer a clap.
May I ask how old you are?
Yesterday I had a high fever.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's 1500 a month.
The doctor works from morning until night.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.
What do you think I was doing?
Are you angry?
Who's that woman standing over there?
I'll attend the next meeting.
I am short of money for my trip.
I would like a less expensive double room.
She was beautiful when she was young.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
I dreamed about you.
The storm sent the temperature down.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
She began crying.
What is your natural hair colour?
I didn't say it.
Education starts at home.
To be honest, he doesn't have any musical talent.
He has no reason to be late.
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
She asked us several questions.
He and his brother are chatting.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
Discriminating against people because of their race is a mistake.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
I've already waited nearly half an hour.
What do you do after school?
My sister is 20 years old. She is a university student.
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
I was serious when I said I love you.
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring.
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
Please move back.
The school year ended.
In China, the history began thirty years ago; we can't know what happened any farther back than thirty years.
Excuse me, when was the mailbox last opened?
Are you interested in music?
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
I'm not moving to Boston.
My father will possibly come on the next train.
You need to have breakfast.
That guy drives me crazy.
He is happy.
I have to get to the hospital.
He rests for two days.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
All three of us are students.
I'm gone.
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages, you'll never be able to understand the foreigner's silence.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
We're very disappointed in you.
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
We don't have any other choice.
There's someone trapped in the car.
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
Did you not know that?
Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.
She wanted to help them.
Are you going home?
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
Your uncle gives your aunt a haircut.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
Tom wants a glass of water.
I heard that you're not coming.
Congratulations!
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
You have just done your homework.
You must come back before nine o'clock.
Do you love music?
I wish you a happy birthday.
Having no will is the worst handicap.
I'm a make-up artist. I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman.
Tom still uses a typewriter.
My baggage is missing.
They didn't listen.
Lastly, is there anything else to share with the group ?
You are in a safe place.
Tom and Mary live under the same roof.
You're really too kind.
The sheet is on the bed.
I want Tom to let Mary finish.
I was just showering.
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy.
I think this coat should fit you.
He has been to Hawaii several times.
Tom's ordeal was far from over.
Language is awareness.
We can't talk here.
He'll never beat me.
My mother is fifty years old.
Let's take a break now.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
I don't care a bit about the future.
That bag is mine.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
I’ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai.
Should I cancel the call?
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
I'm folding my dress.
The bird was half the size of a hawk.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
There is a hole in your sock.
Can you re-do it for me?
This is a very informative article.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
I don't know if that's what Tom wants or not.
Don't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
I need to go to the China Construction Bank.
Gandhi was right.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
Tom was questioned by the police.
You're always late.
How about going out to eat tonight?
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
He told me to wash my face.
I'm fed up with English.
Do you think it's a sign?
His company was set up in 2005.
That’s actually the truth.
We came in sight of the hill.
He came to school after a long absence.
Mary is Tom's secretary.
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
That is the essence of the matter.
Tom saw the exhibits.
I planned to meet the professor at 1:30.
He is nothing more than a politician.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
I lost my umbrella.
Don't exaggerate now.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
Step inside.
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
Dog is man's best friend.
The sea is very wide.
Tom fell into the ice-cold water of the river.
I don't know whether I have time or not.
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.
Close the door on your way out.
I feel like I have been here before.
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Tom abandoned them.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
He bites his tongue while talking.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
Will he be able to come tomorrow?
They ruined my life.
I will pay the money to you.
I don't have any money.
We're still vulnerable.
Are you from Urumqi?
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.
Do you believe in God?
How many eyes had the Cyclops?
His bitter words still rankle in my mind.
The car is ready.
You need to consider the consequences before making any modifications to existing code.
They sell sporting goods.
Say it in English.
You must go through with your plan.
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
Tom needs to update his website.
I constantly went over this problem in my mind.
Danger past, God forgotten.
The murderer confessed his crime.
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year.
If you go to bed late again, tomorrow you'll wake up with shadows under your eyes.
It is a nice view from here.
How long did it take you to translate this book?
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.
No one can stop me from going there.
He's picky about suits and ties.
How many batteries do you have right now?
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
Tom did a lot of great things.
We're drinking tea and waiting.
This is my mom.
I'll drive you to the airport.
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
We are having a serious talk about your future.
She likes cooking for her family.
Are you a teacher?
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
Tom stood behind me.
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Junko is a beautiful girl.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
They will follow her.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
Who is the author of this story?
Long-sleeved shirts are good for cold weather.
It seems that I've lost my keys.
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
My computer has frozen.
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
One more time!
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
This is an egg.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
This restaurant is particular about cutlery.
My car is German.
She sang softly.
Take off your socks.
The baby is sleeping.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
Cows provide us with milk.
Ten years is a really long period of time.
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.
Father is watering flowers.
Without his help, I will fail.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
No one has seen him recently.
The Geneva University Library has a good reading room.
Don't worry!
My father retired to make way for younger people.
I'm going to take a bath.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
Tom climbed over the wall.
I prefer tea over coffee.
We haven't seen anyone.
I buy two pretty flowers.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls.
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.
I could eat some beef noodle soup, or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that, no problem.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
There is a cat under the bed.
She can't drive.
What conditions must a child meet to be able to learn the piano?
It is difficult for me to read the book.
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
They deserve it.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
Information is given in English at every airport.
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
He is to come to my house tonight.
It has started raining again.
This saying suddenly became popular.
Could we go somewhere and talk?
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
He's sleeping like a baby.
Tom is handicapped.
We should judge him according to his actions.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
No matter how hard I try, I can't meet my parents' expectations.
What time does it start?
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
You will never become a computer scientist.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
That settles that.
He speaks English very well.
Time to get up.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
I think he'll come.
Whose idea was it?
You can't come with us.
I do forgive Tom.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
I cannot swim at all.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
No problem, I can wait.
There are many people in the park.
Between you and me, he has a shallow way of thinking.
He had no idea why his wife left him.
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow?
There is a bag on the desk.
He is lacking in common sense.
She really wants to go.
Does this car go to Jingan temple?
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
The cat is under the table.
Please give me a glass of water.
He is a thief.
Could you tell me?
It is dangerous to drink too much.
You're here.
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
Supposing you had one million yen, what would you do with it?
I can answer your question.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
Do you think I can help?
What do you call this insect in English?
Your pen is better than mine.
It can also kill crops.
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness.
Please give my regards to your family.
Tom speaks French a little.
I'll send a letter to my mother.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
You must be joking! I can't find my passport!
What is the common language in Peru?
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
How much is the ticket?
The plan was executed.
See above.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
She has seven children.
I got up early so as to be in time for the train.
Broad safety measures were put into effect.
You'd better consult the doctor.
I was showering a moment ago.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
They won't find Tom.
The feeling was really strong.
The day will come when you will realize it.
When did you go to London?
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
Now I am free.
I had a vision.
They traveled together.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
What got him so upset?
Play there.
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
Just at that time, the bus stopped.
I can't find him anywhere.
I was born to love you.
I don't need anything... just a new pair of pants.
Why don't you come dancing with me?
When are you going on summer vacation?
The vacation is close to an end.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
May I take a photo?
I'm going to buy the bilingual dictionary next Saturday.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
I'm counting on your help.
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
That's kind of far from Europe, don't you think?
This is my bike.
I heard her singing.
I don't care.
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.
Give me a different example.
His own survival is more important now.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
My brother is an idiot.
Let me think for a minute.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku?
My throat feels dry.
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." "Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
He doesn't always come late.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
She is never late for school.
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors.
I'm glad you liked my friends.
I haven't done that since high school.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
Sweden has a language of its own.
I can only give you ten minutes.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
Few people are free from cares.
That is not my line.
We're both reasonable people.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
I want to improve my penmanship.
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy.
He ordered a chop suey.
Can you help me with the washing up?
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests.
I'm studying economics at university.
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
I don't know either of them.
So beautiful!
He is in conference.
There are daisies next to the steel building.
I'm often here.
You are much too modest.
Could you take a picture of us?
You're all chickenshits.
I listen to the radio after dinner.
Tom has just finished eating dinner.
She wants a new dress badly.
But he likes the long school holidays.
He has been to many places.
Am I supposed to help Tom?
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.
Everybody did that.
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.
These days John drinks too much.
Those two people start arguing whenever they meet.
I'll miss you.
I would very much like to go.
What is the woman saying?
Don't deceive yourself.
He asked me whether I was busy.
He put the book on the table.
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
I don't like kids.
She cannot see his face.
We're out of stock now.
I'll drive you to the airport.
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.
Was there enough money?
The man is old.
Do I have to write a letter?
Those shoes won't do for climbing.
He is poor at chemistry.
I have not seen my parents in a long time, my boss has sent me to England for a business trip, I'll use the opportunity to visit my parents.
If you don't want to speak, you don't have to answer.
Is someone knocking on the door?
He came.
I was a little bit nervous.
The horse is a useful animal.
The school was established in 1650.
It is already nine o'clock.
Are you a student?
I am very interested in these stories.
It is not so difficult as you think.
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to go.
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.
He is the best player on our team.
I'll open the window a bit.
I once worked in a restaurant.
The rumor turned out false.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
Tom comes here three or four times a month.
The athletic meeting will be put off.
Who is the current representative from France?
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Don't interrupt!
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Watch your head.
I can on no condition forgive her.
Tom's boss was really angry.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
Doing that is a waste of your time.
Please show your ticket.
I can't believe Tom is getting married.
Call an ambulance!
It's hard to tell if that's the sound of children laughing or screaming.
It's a present for you.
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers, artificial satellites and rockets.
How come you're so slow?!
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
I left the window open all through the night.
I know I'm a burden; you don't have to repeat it.
I live in this area.
He is French.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
The boy rode a horse for the first time.
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
Can you give me a discount?
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
She is a very good teacher.
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.
The judgement went against him.
She is not as young as she looks.
But you like it!
I don't like to use Google's auto-translation, but I do use it for comparison.
How are you doing?
People used to laugh at us.
The chance is gone.
I don't want to take such a risk.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
He is used to teamwork.
Do you think he did the job on his own?
His little brother takes studying very seriously.
The cat is sitting on the table.
I sustain my family.
I could not keep the tears from my eyes.
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.
I've never seen her laugh.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
Sure, why not?
She fell in love with her friend's younger brother.
The CEO is very disappointed with the result.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
I already apologized.
I heard you are going to get married.
But I was always too lazy.
I am beginning to remember it.
Father is very healthy.
I feel like singing in the rain.
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary.
We have a really good cook.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
If people have friendly relationships, I hope the world will be a better place.
Money is important in this way.
This store is currently selling vegetables.
He spent a lot of money on helping the poor.
Here's an even better one.
Can anyone pronounce this word?
I did not recognise them.
She left her son a lot of money.
You should learn more.
When will you come back to Italy?
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
Guandong summers are long.
The people's hardships are our hardships.
He married an actress.
I got up early as usual.
The tap is running.
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
Ellen does not speak English.
I want to visit South Korea.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
I think that they're a lot of fun.
Tom loves dogs.
I am vegan.
Someone is knocking on the door.
Do you have enough food?
Why do you like Hawaii?
We used to go skating every weekend.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
Address the matters, and not the people involved.
Maybe this opinion is correct.
He will assist this project.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
Why do you like smearing China so much?
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.
The Soyuz spacecraft undocked from the International Space Station at 9:53 p.m. EDT, carrying three people back to Earth.
I destroyed all the evidence.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
We had a lot to drink.
I am still reading.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
He wants to get married right away.
You're still awake?
I am 30 years old now.
He speaks Chinese.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
You need to hand in a few photos, fill in a form, and get a visa.
I live alone in this house.
You didn't protect me.
She accepted his gift.
He writes the Chinese characters very well.
Opinions vary from person to person.
I'm listening to music.
No prob.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
I don't know when he returned from France.
I haven't exercised in a long time.
You should behave carefully.
Tom is diabetic.
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
Get on the horse.
Excuse me.
The bus stop is located right outside where I live.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
Paper burns easily.
We should've studied harder.
I forgot what his name was.
No problem at all!
How many of you are there?
The world is a small village.
Can you swim as fast as he can?
Spanish is much easier than German.
Everyone is waiting in the other room.
You should bring your passport to the bank.
Do you travel a lot?
Tom is travelling around the world.
The best hairdressers are gay.
Tom took over after I left.
I speak nothing but the truth.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
He moved the desk to the right.
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
I'm from Kyoto.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
I think we are still in Poland!
Love your neighbour.
Sweden has its own language.
I wrote it myself.
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.
French is too hard. I don't want to learn it.
Mother made me a doll.
This boy is lazy.
Before I leave, I would like to see you.
It is likely to rain again.
He said hello to the woman.
I am more handsome than you.
The sound of your voice is like siren's song to me.
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
She is a singer without equal.
Can I call you Bob?
You're the most important person in my life.
Tom will be there for a few days.
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
That's one of the things that I like about Tom.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
Why don't you go and join her?
"Are these your cars?" "Yes, they are."
I'm looking over his report.
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.
In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
Where did that injury on your foot come from?
He lives by himself.
She did everything she could for him.
Timuçin learns Polish.
I am the boss in my office.
At home, we speak only French.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
It wasn't our fault... We all had to do it.
Even the air's spicy here.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
I tried to draw a stick figure, but I failed when I started to draw the circle. It looked like a loop-sided oval.
He told me to be kind to others.
It's not something anyone can do.
You're your own worst enemy.
What's radical today may be cliché tomorrow.
You yourself belong to this group of people that you're talking about - the one that doesn't speak standard Mandarin well.
In Australia, one speaks English.
Put this sentence into English.
That four-year plan has to be approved.
They must really hate me.
I want the book.
They defended their country against the invaders.
Let's make a cake.
I like your car.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Where did you see him?
All the signs are that she is getting better.
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
He speaks too fast.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
Which way is the beach?
This library has over 50,000 volumes.
She had to give up her dream.
His accent suggests he is a foreigner.
I like to read.
Do you drink tea?
I want to buy this toy doll.
"Hahaha! We're going to make it rain, boys! By this time next week, we'll be swimming in cash!"
Do come again.
I like to eat Korean food.
Kyoto has many universities.
Tom was a nurse.
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.
I was bored, so I fell asleep.
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.
They're self-sufficient.
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
She put aside the sewing and stood up.
May I ask your name?
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.
May we swim here?
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them.
He has a good palate for wine.
He took me for an Englishman.
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
I do not allow sleeping in class.
What do you usually eat for lunch?
Those good-for-nothing layabouts were sacked.
I do really want to watch this match, but I'm not sure if I have the time.
Could I see you again?
You may depend on him to help you.
He's got pneumonia no wonder he is coughing nonstop.
If I go to China, it'd be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
My older brother is a very enthusiastic soccer fan.
She took care of her sick child all night.
The population of the world will double before long.
To my chief strategist, David Axelrod, who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics! You made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
Is there a quiet corner in here where I can study?
Whether he studies or goes into business, I won't stop him.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
I'm glad to hear that.
The Chinese government released on 25th "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory "White Paper.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
It doesn't matter what you think.
She has anxiety for your safety.
This TV program seems to be very entertaining.
Were you serious about that?
Sixty-four-bit software will not run on 32-bit architecture.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
We give him an apple.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
Do you like music?
I'm secretly in love with her.
I'd like three of these.
Ah, I forgot to ask. Before you said you hadn't seen he umbrella. Have you found it since?
I've heard the French version of this song.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
Tom isn't unhappy.
But it's too expensive!
I'm not married to Tom.
He's out now.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about 700 years ago.
Would you like something to eat?
The child of the lady next door is already seven years old.
Last year I had five cars.
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
It still isn't time to leave work, and everyone wants to escape.
A fish out of water.
Due to lack of manpower, we need more time than expectations to handle this task.
Were you right?
Sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
This swallow's wings are broken.
They'll be taking turns teaching the class.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
I don't understand him sometimes.
Do you have a rewards card?
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.
His voice is pleasant to listen to.
I see her sweeping the room.
Is the water in the glass clean?
Is he a doctor?
Help us.
What is your native language?
I am Chinese.
Tom fell into the pool.
Don't you have two computers?
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
She spoke in soft tones.
The word is no longer in use.
Edison was not a bright student.
The sky was clear when I left home.
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago?
Passing through the strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
That's the best approach to the study of English.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
Do you like to gamble?
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
I'm too old for that shit.
Please spell your name.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.
What languages are spoken in America?
He's the oldest son.
The train station is not far from here.
This is a dog.
Who won?
He is rather poor at tennis.
I was really moved by this.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
I will help you as far as I can.
Stand the ladder against the wall.
I love her all the more for her faults.
Animals are afraid of fire.
I am not applauding them.
Liars must have a good memory.
We don't have another choice.
Come sing with me.
Sorry to trouble you.
Say it again, please.
I can keep in touch when I travel by finding an internet café.
Arabia abounds in oil.
These are very early stories.
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
This is difficult to believe.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
Tom yawned.
I don't give a damn what people think about me.
Europeans like to drink wine.
There was nothing that I could do at that time.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
We need more staff.
Can you help me?
Ogai is his favorite author.
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
He went to London to study English.
Bill will return next week.
In other words, he betrayed us.
I phone him every day.
How was the universe formed?
I have a lot of money.
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
I play the piano.
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
He didn't see anybody.
Let us stay.
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.
The use of trust-region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent.
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
My brothers are under the tree.
His house was small and old.
But that's not the last train, right?
It doesn't make sense to me.
There goes our bus.
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.
Today, many problems were encountered.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.
Have you ever been robbed?
I am fighting for my future.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
It isn't eating.
I've tried to contact Tom.
Could you give a simple self-introduction?
He needs to be punished.
He still hasn't responded to my letter.
My father is getting better by degrees.
I'm going to buy a dog tomorrow.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
The survivors were found on an island, dying of starvation.
We must learn to accept the people around us.
What time are you going to work?
Why are you so good at cooking?
How do you pronounce this word?
I'm alive in Tokyo.
How far is it to the airport?
Don't ask a question to students who you know cannot answer.
Tom saved Mary's life.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
Do you promise?
She is at work right now.
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."
You're really a great person.
These products are of the same quality.
This medicine will make you feel better.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.
He stopped for a quick cigarette.
Tom and Mary went deer hunting.
Apples are the best fruit.
Not bad.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
Tom is going to help us.
This song will do too?
When and where is breakfast served?
The court declared the defendant innocent.
Tom demanded an explanation.
He has two children, aged 4 and 1.
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
I want this Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
She patted her hair into shape.
What's your favorite web browser?
Is it a recent picture?
He did not get up early.
It is very difficult to master French in just two or three years.
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
You yourself belong to this group of people that you're talking about - the one that doesn't speak standard Mandarin well.
I don't understand what you are saying.
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
I still remember his name.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
Tom couldn't swim.
No one would hurt you.
Some people prefer conformity, while others seek novelty.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
It's OK.
Please sing.
He's a bit energetic.
I love my daughter.
What does he do for a living?
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
What are they saying?
It's our job to help you.
His hat isn't on straight.
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
Mr David seems tired.
Let's fall in love.
They were persecuted.
I'm learning Chinese.
Except for me, there wasn't a single person there.
I can't swim.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
Don't shout at me.
That is a pagoda.
I love you so much, Mom!
He likes traveling and so do I.
Her hair grew back to it's original length.
"I need to inspect the wound," said the doctor.
I like you.
What are these people doing?
That is just what I wanted.
To all appearances, she is healthy.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
You look very charming today.
The dog's dead.
She has a pure heart.
We all fell asleep.
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.
The novel ends with the heroine's death.
I'm sleeping.
He rarely eats with his family.
Without a wife, a man is worth nothing.
I think that you sleep very well.
There are two cows in the village.
Brush your teeth clean.
The box is broken.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
Put the radio on, please.
A sponge absorbs water.
Don't get sassy with me young lady!
I think she's interested in you.
One language is never enough.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
The panda is China's national treasure.
What have you come here for?
He has three brothers.
We were nearly frozen to death.
I made a doll for Ann.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Whoever ignores that point will make mistakes.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
He has no sense of humor.
I turned 16.
We'll have to go back.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
During this period, there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line: you had to eat the products inside, but it was really expensive.
I studied for more than two hours, and afterward I went to bed.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
Come in, it's cold outside.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
That should make you happy.
I almost never watch TV nowadays.
The man is eating bread.
Tom turned up the TV.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.
She is my first love.
This book was printed in England.
The train should be on time.
What color is your hair?
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
She must be over eighty.
The Germans are very crafty.
I know why you're happy.
You need to have quick reactions to play these computer games.
Deep down, everyone is rich and beautiful, but we don't know how to express it!
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
It's quiet in the suburbs...
We haven't received a telegram.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
He doesn't eat.
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
Hunger urged him to steal.
My father and I go fishing from time to time.
My watch gains five minutes a day.
Tom picked up a pencil.
Did they understand?
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
He'll come with me.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
I see a book on the desk.
He does not like us.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
They can wait.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
After authenticating,this people's ideology is not healthy.
That was all Chinese to me.
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
Her son is a genius.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
Mary promised that she'd come.
It is your business to take care of them.
I left home early so as to get a good seat.
I have to go home.
My mother doesn't wake up early.
I have two children away at university.
This car is the latest model.
Please show me the schedule.
I'm a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
It caught me by surprise.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
How about studying together in the library?
Tom is nervous.
The bookcase is level with the table.
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
You'd better find them.
I give you my word.
We watched the children play.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
She follows the latest craze.
Public feeling against air pollution has at last became vocal.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
He turned over the matter in his mind.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
They always fight over little things.
Don't leave the room.
She isn't pregnant.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
That's an original idea.
YouTube is not a good website.
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?
Tom helped me with the move.
She wrote a book about the bird.
Who did you talk with?
Hold on.
How huge that airship is!
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
They became very nervous.
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.
Get out of my house!
You broke the rules.
She is much younger than Tom.
First, I should hear both sides.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
We didn't notice her sorrow.
You are as tall as I am.
The father is very healthy.
Who exactly is responsible?
You cannot buy friends, you can only make friends.
My prediction was accurate.
I have a large family.
Don't tell lies.
What do you want now?
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
Who wrote this story?
The lights are out.
There's nothing else we can do.
She'll love him forever.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
Are you able to prove it?
Give Tom any help you can.
I love my yellow sweater.
I worked for him for ten years.
A young man is singing in front of the door.
I will fight to the death.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
Thanks for your quick answer.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
The sky is full of stars.
Let's order twenty shish kebabs!
You’d better lie low for a few weeks.
I couldn't go to school for a whole week.
The committee consists of four members.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
The pen is on the desk.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
You are going to make me go crazy!
He is watching TV.
He kept his promise.
Number 26 is already reserved, sorry.
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.
Please knock before you come in.
I doubt that he's a lawyer.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
I started thinking about Tom.
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today.
In the city, the information is flooding.
Thanks, I'm full.
I am sixteen years old.
Smoking kills.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
May I pay by check?
Do you study English?
We're just friends.
His proposal is not worth talking about.
Please say ‘yes’!
Do you need this book?
This newspaper is free.
I won't be here tomorrow.
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
I am a man.
It's been an amazing experience.
Nara is a very old city.
It's the thought that counts.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.
Who helps your mother?
Which hat is yours?
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
I was just about to call you.
Please think it over. The greatest value under these circumstances doesn't exist.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
Please give me a break.
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
I was abroad on an assignment.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
Susan, I'm sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I'm just not interested.
Are you Tom?
Bring your children along.
Iron is a useful metal.
Goodbyes are always sad.
He has not been to France.
It’s like saying that someone is addicted to “transport”, “art” or “politics”.
Tom should hear about this.
I have an umbrella in my car.
Come and dance with me!
That technician is highly skilled.
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.
I want you to grow up.
He is to blame for the failure.
You chose this job yourself, right?
Can you swim underwater?
Tom's fearless.
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
Dignity doesn't cost anything, but I'm the only one who truly possesses it!
Those two departments are sometimes at odds with each other.
If you don't let me go, I'll still go.
They assemble planes.
Where did Tom go to school?
It seems that he is fine.
I have no future.
This time, it's different.
When do you usually get off work?
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
I want to see them again.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
Tom and Mary are in the same class.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
Who else uses this room?
These are my books, and those are his books.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
Many poor students are given bursaries.
He studies English, but he also studies German.
Bob reached the finish line first.
Kiss me, you fool!
What was the score at halftime?
There was complete silence.
I was very hungry.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot.
This cloth irons well.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
I hope I'm not boring you.
She's promised to give me a ring.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
I always cry when I see this picture.
The sun sets in the west.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
My home is separated from his by a river.
Please tell me your name.
She has a great love for antique goods.
The teacher gave us homework.
You are liable for the debt.
Do you speak Italian?
Who wants hot chocolate?
Will I be the only one going to the party?
We often talk about the weather.
What are you guys drinking?
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.
Only one store carries this book.
I have mislaid my baggage.
Champagne, please.
Take a book and read it.
Which is larger, Japan or England?
Would you care for some more cake?
The country had been devastated by long war.
Everybody gets a second chance.
He has an interesting job but it requires a lot of skill.
Don't drop this cup.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
I'm not denying it happened, but one example can't be called proof.
They both fell in love with the same woman.
Do you smoke?
I'll ring you up tonight.
He flew a kite with his son.
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
Which one are you referring to?
I don't have two cats.
How long do you plan to stay?
Do you still love Tom?
Is the post office still closed?
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital.
The children washed their feet.
We're adults.
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
I know the problem.
Hiromi is wearing a new dress.
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
I worked all this week.
I thought you wanted to wait.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
I like to go to school.
You two are harshing my marshmellow.
I speak Arabic.
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
There is nothing wrong with him.
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.
How have you been recently?
We have a great team.
The brake stopped working.
Let us tell you everything we know.
Should one say "thou" or "ye"?
Because he is wealthy, he can go there.
You can delete that now.
You don't have to do it right away.
You should have accepted his advice.
He is my youngest brother.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
I am short.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
I'm glad to see you back.
How long will it take to get there?
Everyone around the area works hard.
We know our rights.
He is my neighbour.
He is too young to undertake this work.
Those who don’t like it will say that it doesn’t fit with China’s characteristics so it can’t be done, and those who do like it will say that according to China’s characteristics this is how it must be done.
Where are you studying Italian?
The conference will end tomorrow.
That's the reason she doesn't want to be with him anymore.
It's not practical.
I had a vision.
How shameful!
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
I drive everywhere.
I'm starting to dislike her.
Isn't that mine?
It was terribly cold yesterday.
Tom didn't look happy at all.
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
This is my book.
I could see nothing but fog.
Do you still practise your religion?
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
I caught a big fish yesterday.
Is the bath clean?
Let's order two bottles.
Your answer is wrong.
Why do people commit suicide?
That actually makes a lot of sense.
I'm a journalist.
I have nothing to do with this crime.
He is going to school, carrying a schoolbag on his back.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
We haven't thought about it.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
She dreamed a strange dream.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Driver, you're driving in the opposite direction. I want to go east. Why are you driving west?
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.
Please don't speak so fast.
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
She grew even more worried.
Which country are you from?
You're very beautiful.
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team.
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
My friend is seventeen years old.
That movie is worth seeing.
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
Do you really want me to go there right now?
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She looks sad.
Wait for her to return then ask her.
She wanted to help them.
Tell me later.
I would like you to assist me with my gardening.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
Tom isn't here.
We ought to obey the law.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
I know that gentleman only by name.
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it?
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
It doesn't matter what you do.
She's absent because she's sick.
Tom can run fast.
At last, the bus stopped.
Therefore, other people's ways of thinking might not be suited to you.
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
I have two cats.
Don't get yourself killed.
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.
Enemies are approaching from the north side!
There is no "masculine" way of learning.
Tom studies at Harvard.
You're old enough to know better.
She decorated the wall with pictures.
That boy is running.
We call our dog Pochi.
Where is the taxi?
The reporter rented an expensive room.
Tom doesn't like chess.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
You're probably smarter than you think.
I made him sweep the floor.
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
Do you have a pair of tweezers?
I don't know whether he's younger or older than me.
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.
Do we already have that text?
I did not sleep well last night.
Quite a few students are absent today.
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.
I felt light as a feather.
I'm sure Tom will do his best.
Who's the author of this story?
I have already tried that.
She has a fluent tongue.
He threatened to make it public.
Can you forgive me?
I have some friends abroad.
This car came to a stop in front of the bank.
He complained that the room was too small.
Your cooking is delicious.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
I wonder why nobody told me.
I'm an anthropology research student, and my topic is 'Chinese medicine in Britain'.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
Stop yelling!
I usually get up at eight.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
What's your favorite French wine?
Are you saying my life is in danger?
Tom has never been punctual.
I own a horse.
In fact, he too loved her.
She is reading a book in the library.
This pear smells nice.
I forgot to save the file before switching off.
The best wealth is knowledge, average wealth is children, and the smallest wealth is material objects.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
I came near to being drowned.
She gets up at seven.
Where is the book?
I arrived here last night.
She majors in French literature.
I will need to think for a while before I answer you.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
I need to take a shower.
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
He will have to go to the station.
School starts next Monday.
I was in the bathroom.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
He has access to the American Embassy.
He had to be responsible, but this was a responsibility that he couldn’t bear.
We weren't making fun of you.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
This suit seems really expensive.
Don't break a mirror.
How long did that take?
He was always as good as his word.
You're still green.
That is rather unexpected.
I also heard a similar story.
Tom, what happened? Why are you crying?
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He should have done it that way.
Your room is very big.
This update will be released at 10 o'clock this morning.
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.
He denied he despised her.
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
Our true nationality is mankind.
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.
I have ten pens.
For us, what’s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
I waited for my friend for an hour.
Who did you meet there?
Excuse me but, would you mind if I opened the window?
Who has the edge now?
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.
Please give me a cup of water.
He is British.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
We go fishing from time to time.
I'm in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
Her good looks gained her the favor of many men.
Who can do this work?
Is that the sweater you bought yesterday?
His name is not on the list.
She spoke Japanese well.
I went for a walk in the park.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Every morning, while he is eating his breakfast, his dog looks at him.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
Humans are the only animals that can use fire.
Could we go somewhere else?
Don't worry. She doesn't understand German.
She read an amusing story to the children.
The children got lost in the jungle.
I will buy a new umbrella.
He is a promising young man.
I still don't write Chinese well.
You're a good driver.
I'm a university student.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
Tom and I see each other every day at school.
I'm sure that Mary will do very well.
According to schedule, this task should be finished within this week.
I don't remember any of it.
She is very proud of her talent.
We have not eaten.
Hurry up.
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together.
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
One generation builds the street that the next will travel on.
Tom won't be coming.
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
How large is the population of New York City?
He wants the money.
Queue up properly, no queue jumping!
I can't live without TV.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
It's a misleading title.
You're an idiot!
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
The radio is powered off.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
Her eyes gushed with tears.
The tire leaks air.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.
Today may be April Fool's Day, but your prank went overboard. Seriously, I'm pretty angry!
French is too hard, I don't want to learn it.
The pen is on the table.
He has a good reputation.
My sister is too young to go to school.
She still hasn't heard this news.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
The doctors did all they could to control Tom's disease but, sadly, to no avail.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
I've already eaten breakfast.
This is a wooden table.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
Please take next Sunday off.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
I was never so humiliated in my life.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
Sami is from the South.
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
Weather's pretty nice tonight.
The sky is clear and full of stars.
I am not without my shortcomings, but these shortcomings can easily be amended.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
Join us.
We found out that he was her father.
I've got a headache.
He can speak Russian as well.
The whole country was covered in snow.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
He will come back sooner or later.
I think you know that's not true.
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
Only small populations of giraffes remain in this country.
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
No matter how hard I try...
I'm as hungry as a horse.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
Were you in Boston last summer?
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
The woodpecker is pecking the tree trunk vigorously.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
Tom says he didn't know what to do.
Beats me.
How are you doing today?
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
I'll leave immediately.
My son is now as tall as I am.
Today, my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan.
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
Tomorrow there will be a big snowfall.
He objected to his wife working outside.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
The poet and scholar is dead.
He is washing his car.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is grammatically incorrect.
I fell in love with her.
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.
This dog is a crossbreed.
This bike needs to be repaired.
I don't drink coffee.
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.
Sometimes I can't help myself.
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
He spoke to me in German.
He put on a tie.
She will get along with my grandmother.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
The carpenter brought his tools along.
This city is cold and lonely without you.
Money talks.
She invited me to dinner.
She stood before the mirror.
They are struggling with the goal of wiping out smallpox.
The lake was frozen.
Does this cap belong to you?
She doesn't like the look of the skirt.
Hands up!
Tom is our oldest son.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
Can you give me a kilo of steak?
I wanted to become a philosopher.
I made no attempt to make friends with her.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
Damn, it's hot!
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
We were kids then.
Soldiers are used to danger.
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
It's all right. I can wait.
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
Teachers also make mistakes.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
We've gone to the park to take photos.
One needs to buy a house that's within one's means, but one also needs to grasp an opportunity.
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
This book's new.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
He always dresses very casually, and doesn't care about color or style.
I doubt if Tom is single.
Sami was looking forward to being a father.
There is a map on the desk.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
It is too expensive.
That young man is very keen on cycling.
He is a member of the tennis club in our school.
He's always worrying about his daughter.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
Is this radio yours?
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
He likes to read newspapers.
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
It is hard for me to believe this.
I don't take any responsibility at all.
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.
I'm studying several languages.
Do you live in Tokyo?
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.
My suspicions were unfounded.
It makes no sense at all.
Tom dealt the cards.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
I don't like that guy.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Someone's been here recently.
I didn't work yesterday.
That child was told off by the teacher.
Are we going to lose?
You have to follow the rules.
Will you switch seats with me?
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org, which I will definitely check out.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
You met him at the university?
We just don't have enough time.
Tom didn't give an explanation.
She applied her mind to her new job.
We have to thoroughly investigate it.
Did you already have a meal or not?
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
I don't like spicy food.
When you get there, wait for a while.
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
He's an excellent author.
I held my breath and waited.
"I'm leaving tonight." "Don't give me that!"
Where's my father?
Where is my dad?
Tom doesn't like me.
The colours of the napkins are the same, but the sizes are not.
I was able to help her.
I'm very grateful to you.
Tom has to go to bed early tonight.
This is my car.
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
He caught a cold.
I'd rather die than see you cry.
It has twenty children.
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.
I think you are mixed race, because you look a bit Chinese.
I think you're stupid.
I never felt at ease in my father's company.
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
The wind is blowing from the north.
Have you eaten?
He's a salesman too.
I'll call you as soon as I can.
I have never read such a scary novel.
Tom can't remember anything.
The server is a bit slow.
I am still reading.
You get in my way?
You must keep quiet for a few days.
We've already partied all night.
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.
Where is Room 105?
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
Take any train on track 5.
The snail draws in its feelers.
You are welcome to join us.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
No prob.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don't know how to lose.
I've got to go to the bank.
It's only leaves and branches.
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
He is a lump of selfishness.
There is a mistake in the sentence.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
Tell us your thoughts.
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
No wonder that even he feared this word himself.
You have to put up with all these noises.
What's the name of this street, please?
I feel much better today.
I know your feelings are hurt.
My bike was stolen last night.
The storm abated.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
The rules must be few, and more importantly, simple.
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
Call her at 3.
Tom is reading a book.
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park?
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
That boy runs too fast.
Tom wrote two books.
There's a big difference between reading for pleasure and stimulation and reading for knowledge and education.
When was this temple built?
This could hurt our business.
Those two children were the same age.
She rides her bike to school.
I remember the way you used to dance.
They're taking us for cash cows.
It's just there on the sofa.
You're no prize yourself.
I want to just focus on the positive.
I bought this printer yesterday.
I couldn't make her out at all.
Tom isn't a fool.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
My father had me wash the car.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Put on clothes and come with us!
I think we're in trouble.
He is always laughing.
Why don't we go home?
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
Welcome.
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.
Two American students live in this dorm.
What is the total amount of money you spent?
How many residents live within this city?
Tom will never do it again.
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
Why do you lie?
Asia is much larger than Australia.
Algiers is a bustling city of over three million people.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
One cup of coffee, please.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
They give presents to one another.
The bill, please.
I'll alert Tom.
Does that hurt?
I admit, my wording is a bit direct.
I inspired my students to work harder.
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
The mailman is cute.
How?
I know you don't want to talk to me.
We are badly in need of food.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
If you have questions, please come to my office hours.
One lives in Fukuoka, and the others live in Niigata.
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.
I'm a bad-ass.
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
I like mathematics.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
I think Tom won't come.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
Tom sure talks a lot.
Get Tom.
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?
We are poor, but we are happy.
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup.
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.
You can't speak English, can you?
What country are you from?
Love if you want to be loved!
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
An argument erupted between her and her father.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
Originally, you were very stubborn.
They were for the most part young people.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
This flag is very beautiful.
Excessive indulgence spoiled the child.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
What should I look for?
We cannot change the past.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
What does Tom suggest?
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life.
This dog runs very fast!
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas.
We'll be ready in time.
How well do you know Tom?
She got married at the age of 25.
They settled in Canada.
I often hiccup.
What happened that night?
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
My father works at a factory.
Welcome. Now that many people have arrived, please take a seat and wait for a while.
It's up to you if we go.
Twice I have tried to kill myself.
Tom's children can't speak French.
Tom lives in the heart of the city.
Get off the internet and take a shower.
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
Tom smiled.
I think Tom's cheating.
She's a stubborn girl.
The others are leaving. What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while?
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
I'm afraid you can't marry her.
We have to do our best.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
Don't run risks.
He went out in spite of the rain.
I want to give mum a plant.
He arrived after I had left.
What is your phone number?
I have never been to the States.
Do you guys go to the same school?
There are fifty members in this club.
Your shoes are here.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.
I bought a new computer last month.
Good question!
He only blames other people, and never himself.
She ironed his shirts.
When are you getting off work?
Tom has high blood pressure.
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.
He has a lot of money.
This work is not suited to young girls.
Tom is in the living room.
That medicine isn't going to help.
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
The game finished.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
It's not easy to master French at all.
I am forever busy.
Don't get angry at me!
She showed me her room.
I lost my camera the other day.
Daniel looks like an Uyghur.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
Read this.
I'm really glad you're here.
I am not a good swimmer.
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
Yea, that's all it is.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
The shop closed at 5.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
Bill brought me this book.
There are seven men and four women in my section.
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
There would be no New China without the communist party.
Do you remember the day when we first met?
It was a blast.
They're closed today.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
Rock, paper, scissors.
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.
Do not read during the meal.
When do you drink coffee?
How did you get to know him?
A triangle has 3 corners, and a hexagon has 6 corners.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
Have you seen that river?
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
You might want to discuss it with Tom.
She wants to work at the hospital.
Kids go to school to study.
We need talented people.
Let me introduce it.
Maybe you could draw me a picture.
Tom should've known better.
Peterhouse is the oldest of the 33 colleges of Cambridge.
It's fucking hot.
He likes sleeping.
I want to live.
Somehow I thought you'd say that.
Those kittens are so cute.
I've always been smart.
Who's your girlfriend?
Are you ten years old?
Jim likes to play the drum.
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
What kind of wine do you have?
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
Tom is our French teacher.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
Call the police.
How do you account for that?
He made me his own assistant.
I will let you know in advance.
I don't want to grow up.
John has confidence in his ability.
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
I lived in a small town.
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
Does this fit?
The price of the book was $5.
He has been ill in bed for four days.
Stay with us in this room.
She folded the quilt.
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
I think it's time for you to grow up.
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
The pain is here, right? That's a stomach ache.
No worries.
She's selling drugs at concerts.
There is a lot of dust in the attic.
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in 60 years.
"Mum, can I have a biscuit?" "No, you shouldn't eat between meals."
She discovered that she had run out of salt.
Is it OK for me to come in now?
Rub salt in the wound.
I don't understand these.
What a shame!
Limit the consumption of white sugar and salt.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
I come with myself.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
We have to go to sleep now.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
It's my treat today.
Could you ask her to call me?
Quit chattering.
He is concerned about his father's illness.
My family is still working, so they can't go to Texas right away.
I have lost my cap.
She read the book all night.
He can speak Russian as well.
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
So, what happened this time?
Does the heating work in the winter?
You don't have to do it immediately.
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
When will you leave?
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
Tom snickered at Mary.
Stand aside.
Let's take up the second problem, shall we?
I can't face this life alone.
I've been studying in China for ten months.
Do come in, please.
I never played golf.
You remind me of Tom.
It's hard to steal from a thief.
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they’ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league.
If you like beer, you might like wine.
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
I don't know if you know or not, but here in America you're expected to tip the waiter.
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
I think it will be hot today.
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
Are you dating anyone?
They were worried.
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution.
He's also just a politician.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
My class is not very big; there are only 11 students.
When you needed a friend, Tom was there.
It's twenty past six.
Have you washed?
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
I see that he is an able man.
No problem!
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
The elephant is an enormous creature.
He has no children.
I can cook.
How much time is left?
She bought new gloves.
Why should we help?
Where is Mary?
Tom didn't want to come.
I think this book is easy.
You or I will be chosen.
If only that lamp weren't shining in my eye.
Give your whole attention to what you are doing.
Unfortunately, there was no one around.
Mind your head.
She had to accept her fate.
Why don't we order pizza?
Tom won't let you in his house.
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.
Let’s go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.
Do not read while walking.
I put quantity after quality.
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.
I can't hand Nagisa over to such a weak man.
Please stand one meter away.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
I log into Tatoeba weekly.
In Greenland it's colder than in Germany.
Sometimes, I wish I can walk through timely, and meet the back was still a child.
I don't particularly like her.
His cell phone is turned off now.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
I enjoyed talking with him.
You returned.
We know it's hard to quit smoking.
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
I'm afraid this is an incorrect formulation of the question.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
Tom made a sandwich.
What places are you planning to visit in your travels? And how? And why?
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
He always texted me.
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
I love this man.
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?
Are you able to play organ?
I have a completely stupid question.
I have a new car.
She’s a doctor now.
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
Have you finished reading that book?
Pay what you want.
I heard the telephone ringing.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
He has left now.
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o'clock?
She was in despair when her husband died.
We know that Tom has been shot. That's all we know.
Something has happened to my car.
Nobody knows where he is.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
Tom is now living in Boston.
He ignored the existing laws.
Tom may have left already.
Pass me the salt.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
Do you have brothers and sisters?
I'm actually relatively good at written language, but with spoken language I often can't remember the tone on some word.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
She came at once.
He is in a relationship with a foreign student.
Read it once more.
I hope that I'll see her.
We tried to come up to the standard.
I only slept for three hours.
It's very cold here in January.
Was there anyone in the room?
The cap is too small for me.
Tom made fun of me.
Poor cat! She can't catch the nimble mouse.
Do you have deep sea phobia?
Everything is changing.
We had a meal after noon.
Who gave them to you?
I wasn't alone then.
I don't know if I still have it.
I have a free spirit.
You're too suspicious about everything.
Are you listening?
No one lives in this building.
This tape recorder is not new.
You're not even phased, you must have known all along!
Isn't that annoying?
Tom, would you please give these starving people something to eat?
He still hasn't answered my letter.
Would you come here a moment?
As usual, I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places.
I have a memory like a goldfish.
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
There was not a cloud in the sky.
Thank you very much!
We want to hear it.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
Nothing in nature is useless.
There are five people in this photo.
Jim has not yet returned home.
Miss, are there any available rooms for tonight?
What is your favourite colour?
This is a book.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
The cat was very angry after having been washed. As soon as it saw me it ran.
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price.
What did you open it with?
When was she born?
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
She doesn't have any friends.
My big sister wants to kill me.
Misfortunes never come singly.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
Follow the street for about 50 meters, and you will see a post office.
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Thank you very much for your present.
He's not very strict about this.
He is unable to buy a car.
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
Whatever are you doing here?
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
OK, what would you like advice on?
He studied very hard.
It was nice meeting you here.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
Why are you trying to hide your feelings?
There is a map on the wall.
When did you last wipe someone's tears away?
It may be that he likes his job.
His speech impressed us very much.
The boy is kind.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
Her repertoire on the piano is not very large, but she has learned every piece by heart.
I gave my sister a doll.
This is true love.
Nobody believes what I say.
He’d heard this more than once, but once was once more than he could bear.
Isn't he the graduate student of the University of Rome?
Do you want to come along?
She was very beautiful in her youth.
They lived a happy life.
This book is Tony's.
Where is your room?
The apples are sold by the dozen.
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.
Where did you guys go?
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the company’s success or failure.
Would it suffice if I came around 7?
He caught the cord.
Little Zhang is a good guy!
Tom told me to take good care of myself.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
Glory to Ukraine!
Why aren't you coming with us?
We are in Finland.
He will not be able to do the work.
You dropped your pencil.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
This fishbowl life is all I need.
I didn't sell Tom my car.
Tears fell from his eyes.
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
What is my room number?
He is very good at teaching people.
You are scared.
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
Come on, let's go.
No one's going to find you.
Here is a letter for you.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
We were very tired at the time.
He's bound to forget.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
I'll be seventeen next year.
I need to go to the bathroom.
I will make you happy.
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
I slept on the bus.
I will leave when he arrives.
We're not late.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
Alaska is a U.S. state.
She loves Tom, not me.
How do we get out of here?
Did you do something fun?
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
I went to London.
We don't have any sledders here.
I don't have time to play games with you.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.
He has been to France.
What did you say? Dead?
The bus was behind schedule.
I'm so proud of her.
This is my father.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
They eat these things.
Help me with my homework, please.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
I have a pair of shoes.
Birds have wings.
What is the book about?
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
When was this university founded?
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
The summer sun glared down on us.
I received an invitation.
You still don't have enough experience.
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.
Time is money.
I have no idea of what to do.
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.
Since no one was interested to listen to me, I just kept quiet.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
That was the skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
Tom maintained his innocence.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
There are fifty states in the United States.
My father told me where to go.
I just finished reading this book.
Dad says the most important thing is that I'm alive.
I've woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast.
His first work gained great popularity among people.
He is about to become a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in France.
Tom looked puzzled.
He can't answer their questions.
I am a member of the tennis club.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
I wonder if it will be sunny outside.
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.
I'm glad you liked it.
There was nothing I could do at that time.
What are those numbers?
If only I can go to the concert!
Tom is bigger than me.
I want to learn Arabic.
Do you need to buy anything?
Prices continued to rise.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
Tom didn't go.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
Is there anybody in the house?
They were surprised.
I am not as optimistic as you are.
Have you gone nuts?
I was terribly frightened.
Of course.
I'd better do it right now.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
I will graduate in two years.
This is a Chinese language book.
His head broke the surface.
Can his story be true?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday.
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
We're willing to help you.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
She doesn't like how the skirt looks.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
Show me another example.
'Four' is an unlucky number in Japan.
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
I went to the park yesterday.
She once proudly stated that she was going to lose 5 kilos of fat in a single month.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
I should do it.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
See you in two days.
It's a chilly morning.
Tom must be from Boston.
I believe that the debate should be carried on.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess.
I'm rarely this angry.
She died when she was 54 years old.
The father is always uncertain.
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
They trust Tom.
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website.
God bless America.
That is no business of yours.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?
What's your age?
Obey your teachers.
I don't like him much, in fact I hate him.
Don't add annotations.
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health.
Children are fond of cake.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
A policeman was watching it, with his arms crossed.
I looked on him as the boss.
How was the seminar?
I'm ready.
She got first prize in the eating contest.
We ran in the park.
In summer, everything will recover.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
Is it going to snow tonight?
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
I made a serious mistake on the test.
My uncle gave me a gift.
The evil robber in the county who did all kinds of evil bandits is under arrested today, the locals are all happy to hear this, spreading the good news and celebrating for this event !
Jane is not able to swim.
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
It is still raining a lot today, and the soil is being broken up.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
Can all birds fly?
My mother opened the door very carefully.
I'm tired, and a bit annoyed.
I kind of lost my focus.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
Does he live here?
I didn't sleep well last night.
Allen is a poet.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.
When do you need it?
She might know that we are here.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
Let's get started.
Because American dramas are very bloody, he doesn't like watching them.
He may not be happy.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
You must think I'm stupid.
His parents expect too much of him.
I want to see you first.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
Our school's principal is very old.
Aren't you hot?
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
Nobody tried to help Tom.
The shop is just in front of the station.
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
I had nothing to hide.
Strawberry juice is good for the memory.
Are you sure?
Three people were killed in the explosion.
I'm going to the barber today.
The people here are used to the cold.
Jump down! There is nothing else you can do!
Please wake me up at 7.
According to latest survey, 99% of employees want a free iPad.
Are there any books under the desk?
Self-help is the best help.
I don't have time to meet up with you.
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate.
Are they friends?
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
He made good use of the money.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
I have lost the key.
What's your favorite breakfast food?
Whose tea is this?
Yaguatí speaks Spanish and Guaraní.
Give me the spoon.
The exam was relatively easy.
Tom has low blood pressure.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
Jesus was born of Mary.
These figures don't add up.
Welcome to Japan.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
What did you have for lunch?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
Have you asked her for help?
It comes natural to him to speak French.
Did you ever try?
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things “excessively”, but no-one says those are “addictions”.
I hope my dream will come true.
He took a glance at the girl.
He really likes languages.
I'm sitting here in my car.
I may have made a mistake.
He's an excellent tennis player.
How about some chocolate cheese?
I like each of them.
There are no tables in the room.
Liu Manqiang, deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology, says "Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value; an important goal for the development of China's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry."
He closed the door.
You only have two options.
An army marches on its stomach.
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Are you a Japanese student?
No one came.
I married when I was 19 years old.
Is laughter a quality of man only?
I would like to pay with cash.
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month.
How many books does he have?
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow.
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her.
Look, this is my business card.
Where's the dining room?
I was happy to see him.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around 2500 Chinese characters.
The server reboot is scheduled at 9 o'clock this evening.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
What you're saying isn't logical.
You don't speak English in your home.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
He speaks French fluently.
Where are the eggs, please?
That film's really interesting.
I'm daydreaming.
I'd like to see you again next week.
Where are you from?
I was busy with work for the term exam.
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge.
Her son was killed in the accident.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
It is rumoured that the prime-minister will resign next month.
I am glad to meet you.
Tom is anxious to see you.
Can you play any musical instruments?
It's so hard.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
We're doing the best we can.
We're sorry, Ami, but you can't be part of our group because it would... you know... exceed the 5-people-per-group limit.
These are our desks.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
A good programmer will influence everyone around him.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
He runs in the park every day.
Does she like my hat?
I really hate his dirty jokes.
I've no idea.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
Is it already so late?
They work really hard.
Reading a book is interesting.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
Is it far from here?
She cannot work this machine.
At present there are about 31 million Americans over the age of sixty-five.
Are you all listening to me?
He is fresh from college, so he has no experience.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong, the goal difference is usually small.
The old woman fell and could not get up.
My dad's name is Fritz.
My son is going to leave for France next week.
He cannot buy a car, still less a house.
I hate Mondays.
Let's discuss the matter right now.
The American mission is to eliminate communism from the world.
He received a golden watch as a prize.
By the way, are you free tonight?
I know you think highly of him.
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.
We saw her off at the airport.
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
You know that's your duty.
Don't let the dog out.
She sent me the enclosed check.
Your project needs a large amount of money.
I will be at the meeting.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
It's true.
I can call her.
deal with a man as he deals with you.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
I don't talk to him anymore.
We call him "Skunk Man".
Nobody but John has heard of it.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
Be friendly.
You seem to know everything.
John ignored my advice.
Do you often travel abroad?
Our team scored the first goal.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
Tom has absolutely no enemies.
He was never content with his success.
My horse is white.
Saying is quite different from doing.
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
I like dogs very much.
Are you going to sing an English song for us?
Play us a tune.
Once bitten, twice shy.
I think he is not home.
What did he really tell you?
What time will you leave?
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
Can you guess how old I am?
It's because of you that we were late.
He painted his bicycle red.
Can you show me this skirt please?
Tom and Mary hugged each other.
I've got nothing to do with it.
I got on the train for London.
Who helps her?
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.
We had a good conversation.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
Fine!
What are you writing?
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
I had a cat.
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
Tom is exaggerating.
You shouldn't eat here.
I don't like the food at that deli.
She has decided to live in America for good.
This car handles very easily.
I once went to Boston with her.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
You made me laugh.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
He's married and has three children.
There isn't any solution.
Do you like this book?
Best wishes from all of us.
Interest on loans is high at present.
Stop meddling.
He couldn't go against his principles.
Do I sound like an idiot if I talk like this?
I need to find something interesting to do.
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Today I take your hand so that we may grow old together.
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
She sells flowers.
I don't understand music.
There is no time for explanation.
My house is close to the school.
Everyone left except them.
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture.
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo’s shot.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
I'm delighted to see you.
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
What does Shanghai people's Mandarin sound like?
Then the street was quiet.
These tools are used for building a house.
He is capable of robbery.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
I am asking you if I could have some of that sweet sauce.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.
She did everything she could for him.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
Life is indeed a good thing.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
Many people work in industrial towns.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
I don't feel like eating anything today.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
How much do you want in terms of salary?
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
I know what I did was wrong.
The food is ready.
I forgot to ask Tom.
He is a painter, but he can't paint in the traditional Chinese style.
Why are you so happy?
Tom is certain to come on time.
What book do you plan on reading?
I'll be flying to Boston.
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.
I think you understand me.
Are you certain this is what you want?
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
I don't think you did this.
I like shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
The bank is not open for business on Sundays.
This house is mine.
I really don't understand this problem.
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
So far we have been quite successful.
It looks like an apple.
School begins tomorrow.
He's very much satisfied with the result.
I didn't go to the party because I was sick.
We went to the races.
Fear comes from the unknown.
She managed to finish the work on her own.
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
She learns Chinese too.
Do you know how to drive a car?
They cannot stop him.
He is a bit like his father.
This turkey tastes good.
Tom says he's tired.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
This baby is really cute!
I left my umbrella on the train.
I resign.
How about for tomorrow?
He seems to be asleep.
Did you already eat at home?
She is a so-called bookworm.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?
How is your family name written?
Do you know him?
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
We ordered Chinese.
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
How did your test go?
You are not at all wrong.
Listen.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
Of course I should read this book.
About how many English words do you know?
They say that she was born in Germany.
I don't like to make mistakes.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation.
Are you home?
Almost everyone came.
How many students are there in your school?
Come in.
Dozens are still missing.
I will ask him tomorrow.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
Tom is taking a day off.
I'm supposed to help her.
Ah, those Russians!
You've been had.
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month's closed training in winter.
In China, the 11th of November is Singles Day.
That would be relevant.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
I'm out riding my bike.
We're having a barbeque on Sunday.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
Please get into the car.
Good. No absentees.
Getting started was difficult.
Is something wrong?
Cats only have two eyes.
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.
Tom did a cartwheel.
He is acquainted with the mayor.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
Wake me up at seven.
He likes Disney.
Nobody knows why she doesn't like me.
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
Tom probably knew who I was.
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
They do not teach them to speak English.
Tom felt his phone vibrate.
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
We handle all type of books, both new and old.
Long time no see!
I've got a headache.
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
It's spring everywhere in the motherland.
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date.
The secretary stuffs the letter into an envelope.
Close the door when you leave.
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
What do you like to do in your free time?
Young tigers resemble cats.
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
What day was yesterday?
I can't wait for you.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
He has a strong influence over the business world.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
I saw him swim across the river.
I forgot to telephone him today.
I'll see as I walk along.
She was very happy with my gift.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
He's a friend of my brother's.
I will make a man of you.
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
He has a good appetite.
The company employs 500 workers.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
She sat on a bench.
Do you know who killed them?
Remember!
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
He was almost hit by a car.
She will be here this evening.
I'd like to see a doctor.
That'll put you in danger.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.
I grew up in the mountains.
What a beautiful picture!
I can't make out what he wants.
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
You're a better skier than me.
We're in a hurry.
Our school was founded in 1990.
I just need a break.
They gave him up for lost.
Tom never turned up again.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
What room would you like to reserve?
You're very pretty.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
We need assistance.
If it gives milk, then its your mother.
He's much taller than you.
I'm sure they can hear us.
There are no comments yet.
I don't love her.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
He is used to getting up early.
She always speaks in a low voice.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
I know, your busy too.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Do you have big ones?
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
His luggage is overweight.
Anyway, if you want to do it, then you should do it.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.
Turn the flame down low.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
Carol returned to her hotel.
Do you have a match? I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
He is out of control when drunk.
I know everything.
Good morning, everybody.
I got to the station this morning.
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
Hello Tom! What time are you coming?
Let Bob cook.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
That is a circus!
I heard him go out.
Tom told me that I should do that.
Tom is afraid of everyone.
Life goes on.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
The snow is melted.
You are free to go.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
Did he look like a doctor?
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
I heard it on the radio.
Tom might be a vegetarian.
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
I don't want to fail my exams.
I trust you.
I have just finished my homework.
He played the piano and she sang.
He told us a lie.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
Tom is crying outside right now.
How many people can do that?
You'll be answering the phones.
The weather is really hot.
He fixed the watch for me.
You have to move.
I read a book last night.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
It's not polite to point at others.
I wish that she would stop smoking.
I am Doraemon.
Do you have a gift shop here?
Luke, I am your cousin.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
If you are me, how can you do it?
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
How about another piece of cake?
He calls her up every night.
Would you do me a favor?
That person doesn't want to do anything.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
You will have to wait and see.
How strange life is!
I cried all night long.
I'm starving!
Who are we?
Why are you still unmarried?
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
I can't figure out what he means.
It's time to go.
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
Tom is good to me.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
He made her a bookshelf.
Do you have anything to declare?
Choose your favorite racket.
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
Tom is in the bathroom now.
I am in Rome now.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
How horrible!
Pass me the wine, please.
He did it all out of kindness.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
Don't fear! This way he certainly won't think that you've brought any contraband, and won't cause a holdup by checking over your luggage.
I couldn't understand his joke.
He was injured in the accident.
You must answer these questions.
She got the ticket for nothing.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.
May I go to the restroom?
What's become of your dog?
If I were you, I would not do it.
I work every day except Sunday.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
I feed my dog once a day.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
Don't forget your ice skates.
Tom has more books than Mary.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
God created the heaven and the earth.
Can you give me your phone number?
We enjoyed watching the TV.
When you have free time, please come and play.
I'm playing baseball.
Please mail this letter for me.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
Go straight home.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
We suggest raising the fees.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
I need to get some stamps.
Thank you very much for your help.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
Does she know your telephone number?
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
His new novel will come out next month.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
Stop!
There is a trace on the table.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
They won't tell us anything.
I found it by chance.
I saw him wash the car.
She was often late for school.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
She loves children.
I don't want to sleep yet, so I'm still studying.
I usually go to school by bicycle.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
I've got a few friends.
John should be here any minute now.
I also went.
I can't find my pen.
I have a surprise for you.
My plans failed one after the other.
I love sports.
Tom died three months ago.
Correct the underlined words.
She painted the walls white.
Are you busy at work?
Are you going to Lucy's house tomorrow afternoon?
It must be around here somewhere.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
He is a timid man.
I can't forget her.
I went to bed later than usual.
We didn't know what train they'd be on.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
Can you make yourself understood in French?
Jane is absent from school today.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
Grab a hold of the rope.
I am interested in Japanese history.
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future.
It's cold today.
Tom and I are almost done.
What are you doing down there?
I promise that I will send you to prison.
I cannot accept this plan.
We were in London last winter.
I tried, but I did not succeed.
He was forced to sign the document.
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country.
He promised to come, and didn't.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
I was so cold.
Tom lost his job.
Just take my word for it.
He will reach Hakodate tonight.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
John doesn't know what to do next.
Is there a doctor on board?
Who cares when she gets married?
My father likes pizza very much.
Stay out of the rain.
That's not fair.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
"Will he succeed?" "I fear not."
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
He belongs to the camera club.
My father is retiring next spring.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
I have a dictionary.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
My sister is shorter than you.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
It's raining.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
She plays tennis every Sunday.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
She is Anna; Anna and Louis are coworkers.
It's illegal to park your car here.
How cute!
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."
Jean and Kate are twins.
He's working in Turkey.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
I don't work tomorrow.
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
It is Monday today.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
I heaved myself up.
That is a beautiful place.
I want you to stay here longer.
I don't have classes today.
You can't please everybody, because not everyone is human.
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.
Am I hungry!
He left all his property to his wife in his will.
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
See you next week.
I agree.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
Tom repaired his bicycle.
Did you tell Tom about your problems?
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
I'm not living with him anymore.
You don't like sashimi, do you?
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
Always be true to yourself.
They aren't dead.
This little girl let the birds escape.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
I can come, too.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
Eat fruit.
George was broken-hearted.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
There's no other way than this now.
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
I did nothing during the holidays.
The concert is about to start.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
I wish you a speedy recovery!
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
Do not bother to come to my home.
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
Happy Mother's Day!
He stole her watch.
Moderation in all things.
Both girls have blue eyes.
They looked as if they would cry.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
Choose whichever you like.
My mother excused his mistake.
I think my right arm is broken.
Please give me a blanket.
I'm very worried about my weight.
How do you know?
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
The meal satisfied his hunger.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
The toilet paper is used up.
Single or double room?
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
Love loves love.
She practiced the piano every day.
Maria doesn't like speaking in public.
Internet is very slow.
What is over there?
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
Please feel free to ask questions.
She broke the window on purpose.
She needs our help.
Good work!
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
In your dreams!
Do you often have fish for dinner?
I just ate sushi and drank beer.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
We happened to meet her in the park.
We can deliver it this evening.
Sit on the plane.
Let me handle this.
She's in the restroom.
I'm not as tall as you.
Helen is playing in the yard.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
She isn't Anna?
You're so right.
That is his car.
He sang some old songs.
He managed to get home before dark.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
He was in time for the appointment.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Lemons are sour.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
You don't need to hurry.
Should I register for that class?
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
I want to see your boss.
I have a lot of pictures.
I met her late in the evening.
Are they already here?
Why not go to the movies?
We took turns with the driving.
Tatoeba: Where quotes go to die.
She gave me this compact disc.
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.
The children are having fun in the park.
Are you Japanese?
I stayed up all night again.
Caution! Wet floor.
Having failed many times, he never gave up the plan.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.
What's today's date?
They are having a really good time.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
"Fire!", he cried.
I made him paint the house.
I've been going out with her for months.
How did you accomplish this?
I'll definitely vote for Tom.
I thought of a good idea.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
That little boy wears glasses.
We ran three kilometers.
The neighborhood was silent.
I'll show you around the town.
Summer vacation? What does "summer vacation" mean?
Ken painted his bicycle white.
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door.
This is a historic city.
He ate a box of chocolates.
I want the other one.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
Why did you say such a thing?
He must have drunk too much last night.
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
What did you do with my luggage?
Prolonging the discussion will bring us nowhere.
How long did you live there?
I'm going to the park.
I found it easy to speak English.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
Wild animals live in the forest.
I don't think he can help you.
Little did they dream of losing the game.
She opened the letter quickly.
What kind of sandwich do you want?
I will find you your lost ring.
Please don't enter the room without knocking.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
I went there yesterday.
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
You should study English harder.
He was born in Nagasaki.
She approved of my plan.
Her sister also sings very beautifully.
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
I hope he will wait for me.
They invited me to play cards.
Let's go and swim in the river.
Could you move the chair a bit?
Can you speak the Na'vi language?
Being sick is very boring.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
Both spellings are correct.
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
You speak good English.
He's popular with the students.
He is totally wrong.
Bob is my friend.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
This isn't Little Black is it?
They gave a series of concerts.
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
James was caught in a shower.
I was forced to take medicine.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
Tom is escaping.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
Can you speak English?
We're leaving early tomorrow morning.
I don't have a treadmill.
Confirm the order.
Our branches extend all over the country.
I am reading a book now.
I don't like the way this fruit smells.
You need to have friends who can help you out.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
He is an author and a politician.
Where do you want to go tomorrow?
This is just for you.
No security system is foolproof.
That was a beautiful moment.
This really is great weather.
How fast Tom works!
How about your father?
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
That's not a horse, it's a donkey.
What did you eat?
They got here yesterday.
His father is in the garden.
Excuse me, but where is the library?
You're kidding!
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
He put his things down and left.
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
I don't ever want to see you again.
I collect stamps.
It was a heartbreaking story.
Tom and Mary will go with me.
My grandfather died five years ago.
I'll be watching you.
Put it out of your mind.
Tom isn't planning to stay.
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.
You speak so loudly I can even hear you on the first floor.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
The sign ' &amp; ' stands for 'and'.
He can also speak Russian.
Humans are part of nature.
Are you students at this school?
Mother Nature is generous.
All at once they began to laugh.
Did you ever get married?
Yes, I have student ID.
I ate Tom's sandwich.
Your cake is delicious.
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
He may have left for Kyoto.
By the way, today is the 8th of June — my wife's birthday.
I get up at 6:30 on school days.
Did Tom say anything?
They changed the system.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
It is impossible to do it.
He lives inside an apple.
Muiriel is an Indian.
My brother has been living in London for many years.
I got it.
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
I do not want any milk at all.
The medication should be administered topically.
How long has George lived there?
"Don't cry," she said.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
He teaches English to his friend.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
The girl made an awkward bow.
Nancy is from London.
I am happy to see you here.
I'm very hungry.
This dentist was too expensive.
They were both drunk.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
I want to drink something cold.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
Should we have some lunch?
She filled her bag with apples.
Your face is familiar to me.
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
Can anyone believe you?
Where would you like to go next?
She has been dead for ten years.
My mother took me to the park.
Are there many trees in the park?
Who is the man playing the piano?
We have to think about it.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
He told me to speak more slowly.
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
She has no sense of beauty.
She asked him to mail that letter.
He comes back from Sydney today.
I'm actually doing quite well.
She stayed by his side through thick and thin.
Mike is coming to dinner this evening.
Can you describe the situation you were in?
The novel is centered on the Civil War.
She is wearing a pair of white, silk socks.
She helped me pack my suitcase.
I will come, time permitting.
I should've brought my camera.
Bill was in Japan.
How do you like your eggs done?
Could you say that in plain English?
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Jane plays tennis too.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
Will you join us?
Food goes bad easily in this season.
She left her umbrella in the train.
May I have a bus schedule?
Come and see me whenever you like.
Run.
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
Ladies first!
He wrote to me yesterday.
I'm sorry.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
Jane looks very happy.
I work long hours.
My mother never punishes me.
Recently, this area's international relations have become very tense.
Are you following me?
Were you tired last night?
You should learn to restrain yourself.
Can I see that one?
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.
Me, too.
I have a toothache.
I hope to see you again.
Very strange.
He is very stubborn.
Boys, don't make any noise.
I can't put up with this noise.
Is there a post office near here?
Do you want to hear what I think?
My room is an inviolable refuge.
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
It is already five, and I have still not gone to sleep.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
Tom bought a plane ticket.
How are you getting along these days?
This book will do.
Translate the passage word for word.
You dropped your handkerchief.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
They are hugging and kissing.
Hmm.
Don't put the cart before the horse.
That's the reason I bought this book.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
He complained of the dish tasting bad.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
I will answer within three days.
His coolness has alienated his friends.
There are many slums in Mexico.
How interesting!
Daddy loves to say funny things.
I can't find my glasses.
Business is booming in Algeria.
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Our teacher is always on time for class.
Is this your friend's car?
We can do more than they can.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
How many rackets do you have?
He is my dad.
He said that it would probably rain.
I go to the church on Sundays.
This data isn't accurate at all.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
Please remember to mail the letter.
We usually sleep in this room.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
I'll show you the way.
What's the exchange rate today?
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
The old man got off the bus.
I want to work with your company.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
I want this work finished by five.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
Where do you want to go?
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
I haven't done very much this year.
A card was attached to the gift.
You are her daughters.
I waited for him all day long.
Ueno is the station after next.
You're a person.
It was raining when we arrived.
Sleep well, Timmy.
She is my girlfriend.
My eyes are watering.
Paul studies very hard these days.
Have you read this book yet?
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
I got to the bank and luckily didn't have to get in line.
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.
How much did you bid?
He's just as tall as the other boys in his class.
This message doesn't make sense.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
Tom has lost his keys.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
All roads lead to Rome.
Has something good happened?
He had an accident at work.
I can't do two things at a time.
He sat on the bench.
Do you know the reason?
Bye!
One must pay for freedom.
I said that.
I sometimes watch TV.
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.
It was beginning to snow.
I'll gladly pay you anytime.
One of them is a spy.
I accidentally mistakenly took his umbrella.
This is the cheaper of the two.
She had white shoes on.
My mother bought me a new dress.
He made a robot.
I'm afraid he won't be here until 1:00.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.
My brother likes horror movies.
We've been married for five years.
She married Tom last month.
I haven't finished reading this book.
I learned a lot from him.
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.
They have nothing to eat.
The plane came quickly.
The old man is very kind.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
The child followed me to the park.
I know what his name is.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
She changed her name to Ann.
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
He went to New York on Monday.
I always walk to school.
This is not important.
We talked about a variety of topics.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
It seems like he knows the secret.
He asked his friends for help.
My hobby is collecting coins.
He goes to the office by car.
He has a Picasso.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
Please add my name to the list.
Do you have an address?
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
Forget it.
Look into my eyes.
We all breathed a big sigh of relief.
She is good at playing tennis.
He goes by the name of Kenchan.
Where do you live?
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
His son cannot so much as write his own name.
Linda is the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
How unfortunate!
This ticket is good for three days.
She can play the drum.
They're unlikely to get married.
Check your dictionary.
Which house did you live in?
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
You're not my friend anymore.
They are all studients.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.
The lawyer warned his client against testifying, but he did it anyway.
I felt the earth shake.
Say what?
I arrived here yesterday.
We'll meet in three hours.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health.
He had his shirt on inside out.
You'll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
It's going to rain.
I made an abstract of a book.
Everything went according to plan.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
She always dresses in black.
Life is often compared to a journey.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
Sometimes I still miss her.
That hotel was established about 50 years ago.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
They named their daughter Helen.
Can I speak to the head nurse?
He's out taking a walk.
Someone is calling for help.
It won't budge one bit.
A doctor was sent for at once.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
I don't like corn.
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
You're coughing, better bring a scarf.
I demanded that she should go.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
They haven't given up at all.
The weather is too cold to swim in the sea.
Tom drank my apple juice.
Don't worry.
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
She is wearing hiking boots.
One mouse ran through the room.
Do you speak Chinese well?
I'm at a loss for words.
The tall man left in a hurry.
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
I saw him run away.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
Some people wash themselves, some people don't.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Excuse me?!
We climbed a sharp slope.
Life would become bland without you.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
She bought two pairs of polka dot stockings.
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Could you turn it down?
She likes all kinds of sports.
Keep going
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
I've found something amazing!
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
Open the door and let me in, please.
This letter is addressed to you.
He plays the guitar very well.
Please lend me your knife.
I eat a slice of bread.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
They have elected a new government.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
I get it.
Can I see this one?
He has gone to Hokkaido.
Enjoy your meal!
He lived a busy life.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
You may leave your bag here.
I drink tea, too.
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
What does your aunt do?
I heard an unusual sound.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
No, I don't have it.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
A fish rots from the head down.
Clothes make the man.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
Don't run here.
He sold his business and retired.
Tom is on the bus to the city.
I am very sensitive to heat.
The airplane made a safe landing.
What's up with you?
He is afraid of snakes.
Which credit cards can I use?
They helped each other do homework.
Okay.
We live close to the school.
I take a bath every night.
Let's shake hands.
The girl vanished like magic.
My mother likes tea very much.
He is not willing to testify for his compatriot.
The teacher scolded his students severely.
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
This machine is used to dry clothes.
What did you eat this morning?
This booklet is free of charge.
It's very cold here in February.
Her book is very interesting.
Tom needs to be very careful.
Hong Kong was returned to China in 1997.
His composition leaves nothing to be desired.
I will show you some pictures.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
I seem to be unlucky today.
This dictionary is my sister's.
Anna and Hesai are classmates.
You have foul breath.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Bob must have had an accident.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
Learning should not be forced, but rather encouraged.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
How are your parents getting along?
Did Cathy go, too?
She wants to go out with him.
I'm staying at my aunt's.
His illness caused her great misery.
Can't you get by on your salary?
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Did Spot go, too?
This is a highly developed civilisation.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
I take my health seriously.
I can do it alone.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
Quite a few people have two cars.
The ship was flying the American flag.
Well done!
He might change his mind.
It's just your imagination.
He presented her with a doll.
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
I didn't even consider that.
I need someone to talk with.
No one answered my question.
I screwed up the very first note.
I wish I were rich.
I couldn't sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
Mary can speak Japanese.
He is reasonable in his demands.
I was in the mountains.
His house is across from mine.
His way of thinking is very childish.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance!
They decided to get married next month.
Everyone, please be quiet.
You're full of yourself.
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
I'd like to go.
I will be happy to attend your party.
The price is reasonable.
What would you like to eat for dinner?
He does nothing but read comics.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
The fuel gauge is broken.
He works from nine to five-thirty.
Sorry, I could't find my seat.
Everything seems to go right with him.
She found her purse under the desk.
Try hard.
Have we made progress?
Would you care for some more cake?
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
He suddenly became very happy.
Who found my bag?
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?
I didn't tell the whole truth.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
I had a good time this evening.
My mother is a very good cook.
I want to travel around the world.
He has an abhorrence of snakes.
Many friends came to see me off.
I worry about him.
What time did your friend go home?
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
That's something to be proud of.
It seems that Tom is lying.
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak.
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated, causing Taiwanese exports to slump.
In relation to this, I am to blame.
He won't live a long life.
Do you want more?
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
He is called Huan, we are colleagues.
Everybody will die.
I know that you like coffee.
He has no interest in politics.
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
My car burns a lot of gas.
We can't know what the future has in store.
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.
America is made up of 50 states.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Take things a little more seriously.
It delayed your holiday.
She really hates him.
At first, we weren't familiar at all. Over time we got to know each other.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
He's coming closer.
His pride prevented him from asking others for help.
She was ill with heart disease.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
Is that a picture of me?
What time is it?
How long have you been in Kushiro?
He is my Mr Right.
She is about my age.
I have just washed all the dishes.
Will you give me a light?
What newspaper do you take?
It's not hard to understand.
She writes beautifully.
She lives next door to him.
I don't like music as much as you do.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
Please open the door.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
Nobody had the courage to say it to him.
What time is it?
He heard the news on the radio.
You are not at the hospital this morning.
He painted a dog.
Which team won the match really isn't important.
Did you give him a letter?
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
Working at the bookstore
I'll see you later.
Do you have a map?
You're too generous.
I'll call you every night.
I run as fast as Jim.
Where's the nearest telephone booth?
They named their child Thomas.
I can't get away from work now.
Could you drive more slowly?
Quite a few Americans like sushi.
He hardly ever opens a book.
She assigned the work to him.
Do you have a double room?
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
Does he know that you love him?
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be.
Tom hurt himself.
They are discussing the problem.
I'm not getting enough sleep.
You are always as busy as a bee.
She is wearing dancing shoes.
But he was lucky.
The crow flew away.
Could you help me to find it?
He did not accept my apologies.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
What is the depth of the lake?
It rained.
There are some apples in the basket.
It's well done.
I can't stand that noise.
She couldn't answer the question.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
Every Jack has his Jill.
What's the name of this tune?
Can I have a bottle of red wine?
I am Italian.
I've met so many new people.
All the boys in class worked hard.
Lucy and I are not colleagues, we are classmates.
He does not, in short, write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
I wanted to go there.
You should see a doctor.
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
No, you misunderstood.
The sun is about to set.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
Which book is better?
I don't get what you mean.
Would you like to leave a message?
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
I heard her singing in her room.
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood.
How do you spell your name?
He often stays up late at night.
We got behind the car and pushed.
How come he didn't show up?
You needn't be ashamed because you failed the exam.
I ordered the book from England.
It's too big.
But I don't have money.
Your résumé has really impressed me.
I left the door open.
We are flying above the clouds.
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.
He came to Tokyo five years ago, that is to say, when he was twelve years old.
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
Are you available tonight?
I wanted red shoes.
Yes, of course.
My brother sent me a letter last week.
We got lost in the snow.
He has no eye for women.
The two of us are students.
The boat is going against the current.
I went into the navy.
I'm really sorry to trouble you!
Would 9 o'clock be all right?
Don't talk to me!
Molly has a large clock.
I wondered if her story was true.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
The next train arriving at platform 2 will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
I worked on the farm all day.
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
What's Tom saying?
He never speaks unless spoken to.
I found it!
The heat is terrible today.
That house is mine.
Tulips will bloom soon.
My whole family's from Boston.
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
In general, children are fond of candy.
Have you read this book already?
She got married against her father's will.
He passed on quietly at his home last night.
She may come.
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over.
Are you going anywhere for vacation?
He objected to our plan.
She always keeps her promises.
Why don't we help them?
Why are you here?
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
Here are some interesting links.
Norway, located in Northern Europe, is a highly developed country.
I'll come to your place.
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.
I don't want it anymore.
Birds were singing in the woods.
He could not answer that question.
The thermometer went down below zero.
He is flying to Paris tomorrow.
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
You're still young.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
He is also very famous in Japan.
He used to read at night.
Is the bird alive or dead?
I've got everything that you want.
Ken will be at home until noon.
He pretended not to be listening.
We know what we're doing.
Turn on the light, please.
He is Swiss.
He walked before me.
This shot will help numb the pain.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
Your plan is sure to succeed.
He found me a good seat.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
Good morning!
I'll personally visit you.
Take a breath and hold it.
I'm listening to the radio.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
Of course.
I don't like early morning meetings.
I wash myself.
We surrender.
He is not an American but a Frenchman.
I didn't see anything.
Damned if I know.
She sat on the bench.
In any case, I did my duty.
Delicious.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
His answer depends on his mood.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
I met Mary yesterday.
I bought a camera the other day.
I can't hear what you're saying.
Why do you need this money?
Bill was late for school as usual.
The houses caught fire one after another.
Meet me there.
I'm halfway through my sandwich.
Have you lived in Japan for long?
JingXiang is so cute.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
I want to see you again.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
Tom runs very fast.
The solution of the problem took me five minutes.
Did you know that this is a question?
He knows how to play baseball.
That's all I could find.
The boy is over there.
What is your name?
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
He is allergic to house dust.
What are my tasks?
Mars has two natural moons.
May I have some more coffee?
You cannot take back what you have said.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
It can only be her.
You can count on it.
I can do it without her help.
Will you drive me home?
Above all, be patient.
Bob writes to me once a month.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
She is engaged to a rich man.
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
I can understand you.
I should go.
She wore a white dress.
All sold out!
This is gibberish.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
She was sick in bed yesterday.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
It's a new book.
Now it's your serve.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
She is giving the baby a bath.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
I always take a bath in the morning.
You should learn how to control that mood of yours.
I'd like to rent a car.
I have been warned against going there.
I am cold.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
Apples were served as the dessert.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
Let's go to the beach.
It's dangerous!
What is his name?
You will fail.
You made a wise choice.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
I like grape jelly best.
He was disqualified from the competition.
Drink a cup of water.
I didn't mean to disturb you.
You may use my new car.
He walked away.
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
Luckily she did not die.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
She told me to open the window.
He took off his glasses.
I'm going to go.
Tom's name was on the list.
He pushed the emergency button.
He would not listen to my advice.
I have heard her story before.
Is ten thousand yen enough?
You will keep your word, won't you?
The broccoli is overcooked today -- it's not very good.
She's wearing eye shadow.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
Shut the door, please.
Nonsense!
She glanced shyly at the young man.
I tried to change the subject.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
Bring the key.
We have no idea what to do.
Both of them are in the room.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
He walked past the house.
I come from Colombia.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
It's late.
Who cares when she gets married?
He looks like a good boy.
He heard a shout.
But he did not often smile.
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
I like to do my homework.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
I wear a size 37.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
Spring has come.
There's no need to speak so loud.
You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
He lost a book.
Tom is a fat man.
I gave up all hope of survival.
He tried to unify the various groups.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
Within hours, the world knew the news.
He was the first to arrive.
Please give me the menu.
My name is Jack.
What would you like to drink?
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
I know that she is Spanish.
I don't drink water.
I want your opinion.
Her socks are gray.
Since that time we have not seen him.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
They named their baby Jane.
Please let me try the game.
Tom has lost interest in studying French.
We always have something to say.
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?
Things are usually janus-faced. And these fanatics only see one side.
Best served chilled.
The US declared independence from Great Britain in 1776.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
Drink water.
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.
The jar is empty.
He shouted at the top of his voice, "This is a battle we cannot lose."
Control is everything.
I speak Interlingua.
That will put you in danger.
Go get your helmet.
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
We're still a little confused.
My parents don't know.
I'd like to swim in this river.
She saddled him with the work.
We call our dog Johnnie.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
Don't be sad.
Try it once more.
That requires careful consideration.
John is wrestling with Tom.
It could be just a coincidence.
The writer is working on a new book.
Do you have any cough medicine?
I'd like to send these to Japan.
She died of stomach cancer.
She got on the subway at Ginza.
Tom is drinking apple juice.
We think that he's honest.
Some are good, some aren't.
I go shopping every other day.
I really like French cooking.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
Woof, woof, woof!
She might come.
I'm still good.
He made the most of his opportunities.
I couldn't help you.
They waited in line for the bus.
"Is he by the car?" "No, he is in the car."
Which day of the week do you study Korean?
This is Mary's dog.
The pot calls the kettle black.
She is old enough to know better.
We made it out of there.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
How soon do you need it?
I really do want that.
Let's meet in front of the theater.
We're all hungry.
The boy got in through the window.
When do you have to go to bed?
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
I'm afraid to go first, it's too dark.
I'm afraid to go alone.
Let's stay here tonight.
You're really wonderful.
How much money?
Time flies.
Tom seems to have a cold.
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
She had the nerve to speak out.
Let's wait here until he comes back.
Our teacher likes his new car.
I'm very thirsty.
There! She comes!
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.
All of this stationery is his.
She went to Italy to study music.
I want a quart of milk.
This is the site of a castle.
Few Japanese can use English well.
I have no problem with my boss.
Thank you for your assistance.
This may not be a real diamond.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
Why don't we have dinner?
I know what you meant.
You all were very good before, and now you're even better.
I decided not to study French.
I think you should do that before you go home today.
I'm so hungry!
Since then he had put his whole soul into his work.
Three cubed makes twenty-seven.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
My home is in the outskirts of that city.
The universe is limitless.
I can only speak for myself.
He got off the bus.
They greeted me with a smile.
Look at my new car.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
I hope so.
Would you like some more beer?
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
We take a bath every day.
I think your answer is correct.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
Don't get involved with that guy.
She won't be back till five.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
He's Taro's younger brother.
The rumor is believed to be true.
Don't be afraid.
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor.
I couldn't agree with you more.
They all searched for the lost child.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
I must've mistyped the number.
All participants must be registered.
Tom lives three miles east of here.
There is someone looking for you.
He has an interest in collecting insects.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
I want to eat fresh fish.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago.
I think I'll go by bus.
I need my coat.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
He does speak well.
I'm about to leave.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
You'd better put on a raincoat.
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.
It is no use worrying about it.
I go to the library two or three times a week.
He adhered to the original plan.
She has died.
Have they ever come on time?
Have you turned in your report?
He introduced his daughter to me.
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
I still live at my dad's place.
He's three inches taller than I am.
I don't blame you for doing that.
Can you solve this problem?
I've got little time for reading these days.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
Does the room have a bath?
Wherever you go, I will follow.
She made him a new suit.
So far as I know, he is an honest man.
That is no business of his.
There are four seasons in one year.
That was a month ago.
She tied up the parcel with string.
Put his address down.
My income has decreased ten percent.
Her mother made her a new dress.
My father didn't eat much fruit.
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
You don't accept credit cards?
Will you take me there?
I make €100 a day.
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
Did you hear the click?
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
I owe my success to him.
Shut the door, please.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
You should study harder.
They don't even know why.
Would you like some more cake?
This is an appliance for drying clothes.
He has enormous potential.
Don't understand.
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.
I need a place where I can study.
It's big for a house.
I couldn't speak Japanese.
Let me see it.
You're the best.
You know who I am.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
That's what I want.
My brother gave me a cute doll.
He accelerated.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
His legs were crossed.
She ought to have arrived by now.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
He only had 100 dollars.
My name's Ricardo, and you?
Come here!
You talk too much.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
This won't help you.
She was almost late for school.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Birds lay eggs.
I used to swim here every day.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
Don't be shy.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
Tomorrow we are going to see the meteor shower!
He is always finding fault with others.
Where is my umbrella?
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
He is a good fellow.
Lignite is a fossil fuel.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
I feel like having some dumplings.
Tom is too old to work.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
My house is only a mile from here.
This isn't what I ordered.
She has a bath every morning.
He is very honest.
He was able to solve the problem.
She is a good swimmer.
Do you believe in God?
Please put the book on the shelf.
Your reason is very good.
I borrowed money from my father.
I objected to his paying the bill.
Keep it in a cool place.
Xiaoming has really poor self-control.
Mike was elected chairperson.
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
That comic's jokes are all old hat and we've heard them before.
I know that he was busy.
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
He carried off the first prize at the chess tournament.
I can run faster than Ken.
Mary dyed her hair blue.
I want to go to America.
Half a loaf is better than none.
He can do it better than me.
I know those tall girls quite well.
She is the woman of my desires.
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
All of her daughters are beautiful.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
More and more people are moving to urban areas.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
Would you please open the door?
May I open my eyes now?
They go to church on Sunday morning.
Money does not grow on trees.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
She gave him a tender kiss.
What are you driving at?
Have you ever loved a man?
She gave it her personal attention.
I can't stand it.
Why don't you listen to his advice?
He has a wonderful personality.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
We will have guests tomorrow.
Do you get it?
The swimming pool is open to the public.
There are holes in the ceiling.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Today's apples are particularly sweet.
You must send for the doctor.
He didn't give me anything to eat.
It'll take an hour to get there.
I will do it.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
How fast you walk!
There is a picture on the wall.
Many people only speaks one language.
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
Bon voyage!
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.
Could I try this on?
It is really cheap.
I was terribly confused by his question.
This desk is a little low for me.
He made his way through the crowd.
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
I don't dare to kill animals.
He was alone there.
I was often there.
I'll lend it to you.
Next time I'll come earlier.
I know him.
I have almost finished my work.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
You have too many books on the shelf.
I wonder if he loves me.
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
I can't afford a new car this year.
Easier said than done.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
Where's the boss?
The flight was cancelled.
He fought against racial discrimination.
Do you go to school on foot every day?
I'm as old as he is.
That wasn't very good.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
We accept checks.
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
The school needed a new teacher.
You shouldn't read a book in a room this dim.
Fire is always dangerous.
This is a turning point in history.
Where is my watch?
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
You killed my father, and today I'll have my vengeance.
How long have you known Jack?
What a strong wind!
Look at that picture on the desk.
Our school is fifty years old.
What do you want to do tomorrow?
I do not know how to use it.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
Check, please.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
Tom likes swimming.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
It is going to be cold tonight.
I phoned my son before boarding the plane, telling him to come to the airport to pick me up.
I made Ann my secretary.
I caught up with them soon.
He walked in the park yesterday.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
He lost his umbrella again.
This one's still alive.
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
I think I'd better stay here.
Tom's intentions were quite clear.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
This button is loose.
How about you?
I look forward to it.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
Jim goes to school by bus.
What does it contain?
We're ready to leave.
I heard a strange sound.
You may not remember me, but I remember you.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
Nancy invited him to a party.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
He has never been late for school.
You can help me make some rules for everyone to follow.
I got up at five that morning.
There are no hats in that store that fit me.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
She looks very elegant.
I love to make people laugh.
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
How heavy is your suitcase?
Hello!
He stayed at his aunt's house.
You have no heart.
She can speak French fluently.
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Who do you think made the mistake?
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
He is a good student.
He's very good at playing guitar.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Almost all the work is done now.
This pencil is better than that one.
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
Will you pass me the salt?
He was looking upward to the sky.
I think you worry too much.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
The business is in the red.
I heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I go to bed late at night.
It's nearly three o'clock.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
Tom didn't want to do that.
She is evidently sick.
No, I can't speak English.
She's Brazilian.
You should have helped him with his work.
It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
I try not to think about it.
We're a family.
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
Tom is a good person.
The job is half done.
He bought his daughter a dress.
She finally reached the hotel.
You were treated unfairly.
He should buy a new bicycle for his son.
You're impatient.
He knocked his opponent out.
You may as well tell me all about it.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
Ill weeds grow apace.
I told her that you're a nice girl.
Tom doesn't want our help.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
During hot season, perishables go bad easily.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
Come if you can.
I have finished cleaning my room.
Don't forget about me.
Thank you, I've had enough.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Isn't this weather just great!
I would like to go to America.
Bob is also able to drive.
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.
She traveled around the world.
Completely coincidentally, these two are still being repaired.
Do you like eating fish?
Tom told them not to do that.
Would you like some scrambled egg?
It snows.
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
I hope that you are very well.
I really enjoyed your company.
I can understand what she is saying.
Do you have any smaller sizes?
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
The wound discharged pus.
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
I heard that he'd died.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
I took a picture of my family.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
Thank you for coming to meet me.
I guess you are right.
I'll wait till four o'clock.
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere.
He may have missed the last train.
Today's low was 3 degrees.
We import tea from India.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
She has big boobs.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
She left home ten minutes ago.
I didn't enjoy it very much.
What would you all like to eat?
I have to stay in bed all day.
Neither team played well in the game.
Mercury is the smallest of the eight planets in the Solar System.
He's shorter than Tom.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
Merry Christmas!
We've got what we need.
Don't know.
They are having a party tomorrow.
Your manners aren't very good.
I'll bewitch him into a frog!
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
It's very kind of you to help me.
They believed that the earth was flat.
Will you wait a moment?
I usually go to bed before ten.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
Tom had no children.
I feel bad for him.
I bought it at a department store.
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
We had a good time playing chess.
I'm feeling blue today.
Tom looks a bit sick.
Don't be afraid of having tigers for enemies; be afraid of having pigs for friends.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
Get out of here.
Your letter made me happy.
Your death was not in vain.
What are you reading?
They found out.
They don't have to know.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
I just don't want to lose you.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
He can't swim.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
Great!
Where are you from in Canada?
Tom still isn't sure what to do.
Honey, I can explain.
Where in Turkey do you live?
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Have you finished your homework yet?
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
I began to learn Esperanto.
When you're here, I feel safer.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
He spent the morning reading a book.
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
Take away.
Tell me where to put these books.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
Let's speak Vabungula and Yuelami!
My older brother is a teacher.
Do you want to die here?
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
Have you traveled anywhere recently?
How I wish I could swim.
He's been to the stadium.
Old people get up very early.
Is Tom Canadian?
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
He seems to be ill.
I like shopping in used-book stores and in used-clothing shops.
She didn't like her husband.
My suspicions were unfounded.
I'm talking about my friend.
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.
Tom and I are in Australia now.
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
I'm a member of the swimming club.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
It had been arranged beforehand.
Bob can cook.
One roll of color film, please.
Tom wasn't in bed.
He tried to speak French to us.
She never wears makeup, but she always looks very charming.
This is a sturdy handrail.
He is not the cheerful man he was.
I am afraid of flying.
Quitting smoking is easy, quitting you is too hard.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
Please fill this bucket with water.
I don't mind hot weather.
Then, what if it's not?
Were you a soldier?
He is not religious.
Tom is looking for a job.
Prices have been climbing steadily.
She ignored all my warnings.
I want something hot to drink.
Everyone was invited, except for me.
Unfortunately we were unable to record your participation. This may be due to the fact that you already participated in this opportunity or there was a suspected violation of our terms and conditions. You will be redirected to your panel platform.
We need more workers.
We talked until two in the morning.
Let me help you.
It's all fake news.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
He is exploring the possibility of all escapes.
Tom can't play the piccolo.
I take back everything I said.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
He stretched his arm.
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?
I'm always busy with my homework.
I don't know why you're here.
America is ahead in space technology.
Tom is engaged to Ruth.
Do you want some rice?
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
I came across an error.
The accident was due to his careless driving.
I made my whole family leave home.
Would you like a tour?
The accident took place near his home.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
I do not drink coffee.
Where should I put my laundry?
I was awfully confused by his question.
In this case, I think he is correct.
I have a slight headache today.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
What do you have planned tomorrow?
You rarely ever wake up this early.
I met a friend of Mary's.
They are eating their apples.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
That's your opinion.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
She looked bored while we were making love.
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
The street was crowded with people.
We've already won this battle.
He notified the police of the traffic accident.
I am staying in my uncle's house in Tokyo.
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.
He is anxious to see you.
How long are you going to stay here?
He stared at me from head to foot.
It's over there.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Many people were waiting in line.
That textbook is out of date.
She took care of the children.
When can we eat, I wonder.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
I'm busy at the moment.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what she is after.
She disliked him.
It's a good question.
They are proud of their daughter.
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I think that would be fun.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
I'll bring my sister to the party.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
Fever flushed his cheeks.
This is my first time.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
One more bottle of wine, please.
I pricked up my ears.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
I have a slight fever today.
That company deals mainly in imported goods.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
Do you still buy lottery tickets?
Don't play baseball here.
I miss you very much.
Where do you want to go?
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
Why don't you join our party?
I'm suffering from a bad headache.
I appreciate your concern.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
You're the one with all the money.
I live in Tashkent.
We've just finished breakfast.
I used to ride my bike at weekends.
It has four legs, it is made of wood and it lives in the kitchen.
We mistook him for an American.
Bob can also drive.
He loves trains.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
I have to catch the early train tomorrow.
She may come.
The father is good.
This bottle of yogurt is lactose-free.
I'm afraid it won't work.
English is spoken in Singapore.
How are you?
Ken jumped over the wall.
Why should I thank Tom?
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
She gave me some practical advice.
Spring days have come again.
What is the date tomorrow?
California and Nevada border on each other.
I found out where she was.
I will lend you any book that I have, so long as you keep it clean.
He is a student, he studies Chinese at the Università degli Studi di Parma.
Have you done your homework?
I know what you're doing.
I'm a Christian, but I don't eat pork.
Put the egg into boiling water.
I had a terrible dream last night.
She left her umbrella on the bus.
All those things are true.
Does he write letters in English?
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
I think I've done enough.
They tasted the bread.
Do you enjoy plays, films, and such?
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
I should have known better than to call him.
Will you mail this letter for me?
Where can I take a bath?
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
That's right, I am talking about the mistake in this sentence.
We'll go when it quits raining.
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
We named the cat Mimi.
We raced toward the fire.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
She fumbled with a piece of paper.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
Those who love too much, hate in like extreme.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
She should be there at noon.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
I ate the apple.
He ordered a beer.
We had a welcome party for her.
She cannot do without her car.
Would you mind me smoking here?
I want to eat out tonight.
I never drink unless there's a big event of some kind.
As far as the teacher was concerned, she was a joy to teach.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
Did you know that this is a sentence?
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
You guys looked mad.
When can we eat?
Am I correct in thinking thus?
Why did you cry?
Which station are you going to?
Deeds are better than words.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
I don't know if it is true.
Paris is best in autumn.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
Tonight we are planning to go to the concert.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
The structure of the brain is complicated.
What do you want to eat?
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
Despite Trang's constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
I'll get in.
I'm very happy.
The dog was wagging his tail.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
I'm glad to see you.
When is breakfast?
Why do you even care about this?
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
That furniture is my mother's.
You can't use this washing machine.
These are people.
I don't understand what you are saying.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
This is Tom's umbrella.
Constructed languages are also languages.
Did you find your contact lenses?
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Nancy has a piano.
I showered.
You don't need to answer that letter.
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
It was a terrible day.
She's my older sister.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
She bought a new "moxiong".
He likes to watch TV.
Take whichever you want.
He's the laziest person I know.
He may have been ill.
This happens all the time.
I hope he comes tomorrow.
He painted a picture of roses.
Our school is near the station.
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
What were Tom and Mary doing here?
That painting is a masterpiece of impressionist art.
I don't know if he can come tonight.
I'll wait for you in front of the school.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
What's your sign?
I have a stomachache.
Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
It's difficult to do that.
I don't really like the stores there.
I borrow money.
He is a great statesman, and what is more a great scholar.
You are irresistible.
He held his breath.
They must have had an accident.
Today above ground tomorrow under.
The milk is sour.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
Jack is one of my friends.
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
I can't walk.
The problem is Tom.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
We are confident of victory.
I have no intention of resigning.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
He would have his own way.
I want to kiss you.
He is our teacher of English.
Is that your own idea?
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
I want to watch this film.
She's my sister.
We can't stay in here very long.
This is a fish.
Tom is out on an errand.
It looks like they have made up again.
He is at her side.
He gave me what money he had with him.
This is true.
We should have been more careful.
They didn't speak French very well.
Nobody came to the party.
I need more money.
I broke my arm.
The best way to solve unemployment is to work.
I know!
He lives alone in an apartment.
That's too much.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
They hated Tom.
I'm still single.
John is envious of your new car.
I have to get my computer repaired.
I had been reading for an hour.
Subtract two from ten and you have eight.
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
What are you doing here?
What a wonderful family.
Please use a pencil to write down your name.
We know what's going to happen.
Leave my car alone.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
English is spoken in Australia.
He needs ten hours to get dressed.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
You think I'm mad, don't you?
I jumped for joy.
He hates Nancy.
He continued reading the book.
He kicked the ball into the goal.
The teacher easily loses his temper with the students.
I need a week to adjust to the time difference.
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
I do all the work.
His painting wasn't particularly good, so no one praised him for it.
What are you looking at?
It hasn't been easy.
You must study hard.
They called him a coward.
The browser is running really slowly.
Why did you buy a Japanese car?
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.
Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
Today is a good day for taking a walk on the beach.
Move forward at full speed!
Accidents happen.
These customs differ from those in our country.
The sun gives us light and heat.
It is far from here to Tokyo.
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
I finished the work yesterday.
I love you. Will you marry me?
That box is too small to hold all these things.
Raise your leg.
This book belongs to the library.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
She is two years older than you.
This store has a variety of spices.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
Everybody knows her.
She is good-natured.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
They made fun of Mary.
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
We know so little about you.
I'm the only one who knows them.
Betty has a sweet voice.
His picture was in the newspaper.
Could be, could be.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
She gave a cry of pain.
He is a man of strong, stable and trustworthy character.
You don't have to eat it.
Do you like to watch movies?
She works very hard.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
When are you coming home?
You're delusional. Go to bed!
Then, we will go clothes shopping after five o'clock, alright?
I will not eat ice cream.
Do your best.
Peter looks very young.
Ken has a lot more books than you.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
You should help him.
What do you think about that?
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
Over the holidays I didn't do anything.
He gave his children a good education.
I want to be a doctor.
Don't kill people!
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
Beware of the dog!
What are you unhappy about? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
So much better!
The mechanic assembled the engine.
I met Ken yesterday.
He died three years ago.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
It was so dark.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
Staying at home is boring.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
Who owns this villa?
Is it sweet or sour?
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.
I must get there by 9 o'clock.
These questions are easy to answer.
After the residents leave, the house is empty.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
That film was a great draw.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
I go to Tokyo every day.
She talked as she walked.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
How many people know about us?
You have to leave.
Don't make the same mistake again.
Let's make some more.
We have plenty of time to spare.
He works hard.
I'd like some tea, please.
The boy had a red face.
She is in need of help.
She renewed the soil in the flower pot.
That house is big.
Going to Madrid on Thursday.
Have you met him already?
The food is cold.
We just need a plan.
I hid myself under the bed.
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
Do you drink coffee?
I have an egg.
I'm Spanish.
She is a good dancer.
I am in the house.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
What do you think of that?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
Well, have you decided?
May I pay with a travelers' check?
I remember having seen this movie before.
Do they love each other?
Remember me to your family.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
I met him the other day.
She ran as fast as possible.
Life's short, so I use Python!
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto-related questions.
Can you really swim?
Do you know how to speak English?
I came to Japan from China.
I do not know whether it is good or not.
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
It's actually not that difficult.
Can anyone answer my question?
Our mother bought us a puppy.
Has my father already come back?
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
He often plays the guitar.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
Heat is a form of energy.
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course.
Aoi dances well.
We found the boy fast asleep.
You better think of another way.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
I don't know anything about him.
I slept only two hours.
I will get up at 10am tomorrow.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
Mary is very attached to the little girl.
My brother is rich.
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
You should have seen it.
Was this letter written by Ken?
I'd like to make a reservation.
We will play soccer after school.
It's been raining non-stop for three days.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
What did you do with that book?
Were you on time for work today?
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present".
He is alone.
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
Where is the nearest police station?
Happy International Women's Day!
Please show me what to do next.
Go away!
My father runs a restaurant.
Tom is always daydreaming.
I think you're sitting in my seat.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
No pain, no gain.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture.
She made cookies for the children.
He is hard to deal with.
There are some empty bottles in the box.
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
She asked me if I knew his address.
My car is not red, it is blue.
He married him.
I was overseas at the time.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
There are many stores in this area.
He took a picture of the koala.
I like summer the best.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
My nickname is "Itch."
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
There was an earthquake this morning.
She accompanied me on the piano.
I don't believe it at all.
I'll be sixteen in September.
All I want to do is go fishing.
The water level rises very quickly.
I want us to do it together.
Get down!
At the city center, there are many tall buildings.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
Don't interrupt our conversation.
He isn't at home.
You're right, I'm sorry.
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
I will never see him again.
You're quite right.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
She makes herself up every morning.
Grab him.
I have read many modern authors.
Well done!
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
"The castle is haunted," he said with a shiver.
Fighting won't settle anything.
I rest on Sunday.
The rumor turned out to be true.
What day of the week was it this time last year?
Why don't you sit down and relax?
She gave me a pretty doll.
The house is haunted.
I don't know what I'm doing.
She studied English in the morning.
I got sick from drinking too much.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
Who decided that?
The eaves are dripping.
I'm free today.
In July of 2015, the highest temperature in the capital city of Iraq, Baghdad, was 51.1 degrees Celsius.
The manager approved our plan.
How did you do in your exam?
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
Do you speak French?
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.
My bag was stolen.
I don't know what Tom got.
I have a lot of work to do.
Tell me what to do.
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.
We cannot see the other side of the moon.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
American children grow up hearing those words.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
"I really need some new clothes," thought Dima.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
You need to register by Monday.
The soil here is fertile.
Her pair of mountain boots are black.
Comb your hair before you go out.
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.
This passport is valid for five years.
Yes, I am Xiaoyu. Who are you?
I miss you!
She cried bitterly.
Achoo!
She is sick.
This still applies to him.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
Kim and I are the same age.
They speak English in New Zealand.
That's a bad day for me.
Bill has many friends.
Let them have their fun.
He has a large family to support.
I wrote three letters last night.
I don't know what is worse.
Do you have a student ticket?
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
A long day has passed on.
This book will awaken your imagination.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
Who's the girl in this picture?
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
The moonlight is really beautiful.
We're going to stay in Boston all month.
This story is based on facts.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
I'm really hungry!
They are both good students.
Breathe through your nose.
Hi, everybody!
What types of films do you like?
I like your way of thinking.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
This clock is electric.
You will wish you had never seen it.
He may have taken the wrong train.
The project was a complete failure.
Sami had no choice but to surrender.
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
My plan is to buy a car.
Tom likes trying out new things.
What is love?
Stop kidding me.
I have a high temperature.
Those flowers have died.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
He speaks both English and French.
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
He is not stupid.
I was disappointed with his speech.
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.
I ordered some books from London.
We discussed the plan yesterday.
I'm very hungry now.
Every sentence in this book is important.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
Wait for me.
Where did you see her?
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
What would you like for dessert?
Spring is just around the corner.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
They both want a child.
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
Wine is made from grapes.
No way!
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
Oh please!
I guarantee that this information is correct.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
Are you sure that's what you want?
You'd better take it easy.
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
I do not trust him any longer.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
Out of the 6 members, a third are women.
I have already had my breakfast.
Our house has three bedrooms.
Who drew it?
You may choose what you like.
He is at home today.
I really know what he said.
Give me a light, would you?
He doesn't drink coffee.
I didn't participate in the conversation.
This book is yours.
You might not find it.
You are at work.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
Don't trample on the grass.
The old man died from hunger.
This evening, I am leaving Tokyo for Osaka.
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
Do you love me?
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
Until when will you stay in Japan?
This is about as large as that.
I sort of understand.
He hurried out the door, and accidentally forgot the key at home.
He has gone to Italy to study music.
He has a great sense of humour.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
We're not in Boston.
We elected him chairman.
Feel free to ask any questions.
He doesn't have any children.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
He is the odd one of the family.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
Could you repeat that?
He gave me authority to fire them.
I am very busy.
I can't remember who I gave it to.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
I wrote down his phone number.
Give me a dozen oranges.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
He dropped his books on the floor.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
Where are you planning to stay?
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.
There are a lot of books in the library.
Tom is good at cooking.
I will go to America tomorrow.
They have jobs.
Let's go!
He's really in good shape.
He said that you had better go.
She cut the apple in half.
My father lives in the country.
We had seen Jone swimming across the river.
It's no good trying to persuade her.
We are watching the sun set.
You should apologize.
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
I don't believe you've met him.
The truck is gone.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
I'm very lonely.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
Don't wake up the sleeping child.
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
We celebrate Christmas every year.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
My sons are soldiers.
Tom was very scared.
His influence extends all over the country.
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
I'm looking for my pen.
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
He is behind the railing.
You can come in.
Coffee ends a meal.
We had a heavy fog in London.
Anyway, you'll never know.
He was tense with his new business.
Strictly speaking, you are wrong.
Is he graduating this year?
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
I don't know. What do you think?
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.
As I love her, so she loved me.
He was very old.
How is it going with your family?
I don't want to have an operation.
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
Would you lend me some money?
I caught him stealing the camera.
How is your work coming along?
Who broke this?
She played the guitar and he sang.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
She kept working.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
He is too drunk to drive home.
Don't panic!
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
I run every day.
I walked 10 kilometers today.
Yes, I'm coming.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
Put the book on the top shelf.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
She's busy.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
The child's body felt feverish.
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
I often played tennis with her.
Where is your phone?
He is a Hongkonger.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?
I'm working for a trading firm.
I wrote a love letter last night.
I don't know how to say it, let alone you!
Do you know what he said?
It is 7:30.
I was unable to finish my homework.
Whose car is this?
Where did you run to?
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.
He often eats fish for dinner.
You'd better not go out today.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
With you it's summer all year round.
Kate's dad walks home from the bus stop.
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
He admitted his guilt.
We just moved in.
I was writing a letter when he came.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
We took lunch at noon.
What did you do with your shoes?
It's likely to rain all weekend.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
As the saying goes: "good always triumphs over evil". But there's another saying that: "the fight against evil is a constant struggle".
This one's yours.
I've never tried Chinese food.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
I don't want to get a suntan.
Europeans are the largest consumers of alcohol in the world.
It's a nice day.
I'll see you again this afternoon.
How much sugar do you use?
She made a point of visiting me.
My opinion is similar to yours.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
I want you to open the window.
The police broke up the fight.
He should thank you.
I'm afraid of death.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
I don't need anything.
There is a group of people who don't agree.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
Susan left an hour ago.
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
She was afraid to travel alone.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
Will it rain this afternoon?
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
Do you have a table on the patio?
This measure is in accord with our policy.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
They sued the government for damages.
Don't avoid my question.
How did you get there?
He has lost his job.
They all looked for the lost child.
His writing is very subjective.
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network.
This is where I sleep.
Because we only have one earth, we need to understand more how to care for it.
He is not stupid.
I am going to major in French.
I don't remember.
I think that Delbert is crazy.
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.
Are you still collecting stamps?
He is able to speak five languages.
Ah! Snow!
I was nearly hit by a car.
He loves his puppy. His puppy is really adorable.
Everyone was drunk.
He's afraid of his father.
We could not tell the twins one from the other.
What is this language?
No one listened to me.
My father bought a new car.
I love you!
Where is your room?
Who else knows about it?
What must you do now?
People who break the law are punished.
It's self-evident.
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
I can't thank you enough.
The password is "Muiriel".
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
Ken must be home by now.
I'm very glad to see you.
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
Do you know how to swim?
I have some good news for you.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
I arrived just now.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
I don't know what you mean.
These trees were planted by them.
I know that boy who is running.
This is fucking cool.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
It's gotten better.
Did you make that mistake on purpose?
She stayed in that area for a short while.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
I wrote a letter to my mother.
School has started and I like it so far.
Those are my pants.
Get away!
I'm incredibly busy.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
I ate too much.
What are you about?
Both his father and mother are dead.
I'm not tired at all.
The ice in the water melted.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
She becomes drowsy after dinner.
You're too young to retire.
I walked in the woods by myself.
I work too much.
She will be seventeen next year.
Is your child a boy or a girl?
He'll be a good husband.
Tom apologized for what he did.
Tom plans to return.
This room is air-conditioned.
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
Tom said Mary is shy.
Are you coming next week?
I caught a cold two days ago.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
Please think it over.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
I've known her for a long time.
Do you have a red pencil?
Let's start the party.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
He's very angry with you.
I live in an apartment in the city.
Life is fun.
He went to Nagoya on business.
He was scared you would shoot him.
I like to be with you.
It was very hot this afternoon.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
She gave us a vague answer.
It is going to rain.
You may as well return home at once.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
Harry is only 40.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
I must make an apology to her.
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
We can begin.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
I have been married to her for ten years.
We disputed for hours about what to write.
China is the largest country in Asia.
You've fallen in love with me?
Trust me.
I am Hungarian.
I went shopping last Saturday.
What is inside the box?
He told us to keep quiet.
They are watching a movie.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
We want one.
Make sure that the child is not sick.
You've got to wake up.
It was long before he knew it.
We're out of tissue paper, so I need to go buy some.
Are you Jose?
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
Linda stood up to sing.
We haven't known each other long.
You can do it, can't you?
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
Who was in charge of today's party?
Stay off the grass.
Can I use your pen?
I eat here.
I have a cough.
More than twenty boys went there.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
She spends much money on dresses.
How am I going to explain this?
It is Sunday tomorrow.
We're eating apples.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
What have you done today?
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
Please do not write in this library book.
It's not mine.
Tom frowned.
Tom didn't return my phone calls.
I miss Boston.
She takes care of my children.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
I don't believe that.
He went to some place or other.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
George felt the train begin to move.
He promised me he would be here at six.
I went to Kobe by train.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
He lives in a village near Osaka.
He was late because of the snow.
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
We had some chicken soup.
Even though she is dieting, the chocolate cake still tempts her.
Is your family doing well?
Tom's house has three bedrooms.
It'll come all right in the end.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
Huan, he is called Linfeng, Linfeng and I are friends.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
Ken has a guitar.
She's not sleepy.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
Please advise me what to do.
Oh, there's a butterfly!
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
Tom already knew the truth.
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
They were going to lose.
There is a house on the hill.
I have two daughters and two sons.
I didn't suspect anything.
John and Mary loved each other.
Tom worked the clay into a vase.
The man I bumped into yesterday was Mr. Hill.
When do you want to go?
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
He was drowned.
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
We went due north.
We should not make too much of money.
You can do whatever you want to.
It's fine today.
What is the matter with you?
George failed in business.
Yes, I'll come at once.
He saw a pretty girl.
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
Please send this by registered mail.
She got good grades in English.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
She's loved by her friends.
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
She has very few close friends.
I have more dresses than my sister.
She is very busy.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
You are not a student.
Will you take part in the ceremony?
Forget it.
It's about time for dinner.
I am not a witch.
You've got a great memory.
I love her.
Wow!
I have no idea what you mean.
Who is the man that you were talking with?
Go to your respective seats.
Tom, you'd better stay here.
Let's play baseball.
You're stepping into dangerous territory.
She left for London yesterday.
I'm going now!
They moved here two years ago.
She got sick this weekend.
Who's your favorite philosopher?
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased.
Do you know who they are?
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
I will be with you tonight.
It was you that were wrong.
We have many rainy days in June.
What time is dinner?
I'm stuck in my job.
It really is a headache.
He left his son a large fortune.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
I poured water into the bucket.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
A fox is a wild animal.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
The smell of food made me hungry.
I'm here
We visited the museum last week.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
I'm at Narita Airport right now.
Green looks good on Alice.
I bought this book the other day.
What he said is not true.
I couldn't remember their names.
My aunt gave me an album.
I'm glad I was there.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
I am very pleased to meet them.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
They have no house to live in.
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
Tom knows him.
What time do you usually get up?
Wipe your eyes.
Put on the hat.
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow.
You should have known better.
Aoi became a dancer.
Plot is important!
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
I can't understand his feelings.
Ann likes music very much.
I can barely see you.
Put the book there.
She gave me a strange look.
They became friends in elementary school.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
Ken lit the candles.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
He was born in Africa.
I don't agree with you.
I'm a night owl.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
I have no idea of what's going on in there.
Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
When will we go?
I remember giving him the key.
Why can't you come?
Tom wanted revenge.
I asked her a difficult question.
"I'm leaving tonight." "Don't give me that!"
How many kebabs will you have?
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
We hope Tom is OK.
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
He didn't go and I didn't either.
Though I am tired, I will work hard.
You should look after the children from time to time.
He failed to pass his driving test.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
I can't stand this noise.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
My father goes jogging every morning.
What did you do over the weekend?
I want to eat cheese.
That's a tower.
The bus was filled to capacity.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
The coffee is cold.
I feel like you are laughing at us.
There was no water in the well.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
You're too drunk to drive.
My wallet and passport are missing.
I never lie.
The hawk caught a mouse.
I went camping with my family.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
Hold it with both hands.
I like this color, too.
You may choose any book you like.
Love is only an invention.
I say this from my heart.
His mother is an English teacher.
Maybe I'm just a fool.
We had a good time playing cards.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
Put it back on the desk.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
I vaguely remember meeting him.
You and I are both students at this school.
I know it's hard.
He set a precedent.
My legs are smaller than yours.
We're in a hurry.
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
I lived abroad for ten years.
You go to school, don't you?
I like to eat.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
Is this your notebook?
I wish he were here now.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
I saw him at the station a few days ago.
She asked me a question.
Tell me what you want.
All Jack does is sleep.
Mary is helping her mother.
This book is really interesting.
There's a hair in my soup.
That's an exception.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
My wallet was stolen on the bus.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
Because I have a lot of money, I can travel a lot.
Someone is watching you.
Please send us more information.
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
His brother is still taller in comparison.
Excuse me. Do you have to wait?
He's afraid of dogs.
Tom is a little worried.
My hands and legs are swollen.
We have three kids.
He couldn't run very fast.
Go away.
They can't see me.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
I had a feeling this might happen.
I don't know yet.
What's the name of your insurance company?
Where is the ticket window?
His mother didn't want to do it.
Living in the country, I have few visitors.
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
What is a god?
Fred often comes late for class.
Look at that smoke.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
I'm really sorry!
She is beautiful.
She was afraid to cross the road.
You are free to go home.
Yesterday was Thursday.
You can stay here if you like.
I like coffee.
It's awfully cold this evening.
He works in a factory.
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
We spent the weekend with friends.
Do you want anything?
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
I held my breath in excitement.
I'm not quite well.
I'd like to get home by five.
I cut a branch from the tree.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
He'll be back in ten.
The car isn't worth repairing.
He doesn't have to go to school.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
Helen graduated from high school last year.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
What happened to your computer?
She was elected chairman of the committee.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
Mary loses her temper easily.
Don't make fun of people.
I don't like being treated like a child.
Five years is too long to wait.
I'm really not happy about it.
It is essentially a question of time.
That old tradition has disappeared.
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
He majored in drama at college.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
It is rude to point at others.
Don't you want to use mine?
So what?
It's been raining since early morning.
Hear and see and be still.
We gave blood to help the child.
Tom suddenly looked concerned.
He came to see me.
You are skinny.
They all began to laugh.
He worked from morning till night.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
The swimmers were numb with cold.
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
How about eating out this evening?
Everyone knows that.
His wife is quite a talented woman.
We made statues out of wood.
He was able to do everything at will.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
I managed to make myself understood in French.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
He is a bad driver.
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
I often played baseball when I was young.
Did you show it to your parents?
This is a matter of great importance.
After dinner, I did my homework.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
We are in the age of nuclear energy.
Tom seems to be completely lost.
I have been busy since yesterday.
She has traveled all over the globe.
All the things I bought have already arrived.
We weren't at home yesterday.
I belong to the drama club.
I walked up the hill.
It's hailing.
I am suspicious of him.
She has a good many friends here.
Is there a mailbox near here?
Are you teaching Spanish?
Don't worry about such a thing.
I think I know who did it.
Tom gave me a pen.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
I want to go abroad next year.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
I went there many times.
I'm a free man.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
I was ill yesterday.
She can't cook well.
Where is the wok?
How far is it to the library from here?
My brother is rich.
Good evening.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what he is after.
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
I was very impressed by his story.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Her watch is ten minutes slow.
We speak the same language, don't we?
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
I don't know where he found her.
Some people are difficult to please.
I am from Shikoku.
She asked me for help.
Bon voyage!
We are on strike.
She turned off the lights.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I am at home.
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
Don't tell anyone this.
Much still remains to be done.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
The teacher got quite well again.
I can not go, nor do I want to.
I like the way you smile.
This matter is of great importance.
She believes whatever he says.
Never shall I forget the sight.
How do you know?
I hid under the table.
People rely too much on phones these days.
He graduated from high school this spring.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
I thought we had agreed on this.
During the Great Game, Afghanistan was a buffer state.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
This is the first time I have seen such a horrible movie.
I was going to work here all day.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
At this language centre, about 15 international languages are taught, including English.
Please turn on the radio.
Did you get up early?
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
This time, I really mean it.
He handed the letter to the secretary.
Shoes are sold in pairs.
To date nobody knows the actual size of the cosmos.
He was tired, but he kept working.
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
That's really nice.
I quit.
You won't need it.
My brother died of cancer last year.
What did you do with those books?
Generally, men run faster than women.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
Failure is the mother of success.
This river is dangerous to swim in.
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
What a beautiful flower!
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
I'm gay.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
He's crazy about you.
Those who are present are all Japanese.
I am thinking about that matter.
He isn't home.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
Health is better than wealth.
I look to you for help.
He traveled all over the world.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
Do you like English?
Don't talk nonsense!
They made him captain of the team.
How did you know all that?
Did anybody ask you to come here?
I have no intention of telling you the result.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
We must die sooner or later.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
In Wales we have a proverb.
They studied English yesterday.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
My father made a shelf for me.
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.
Hope that we need not to wait for a long time.
Don't put your things in the passage.
You've got a lot of guts.
I'm afraid not.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
He said to me, "Please do me a favor".
We have enough time to catch the train.
No, thanks.
Gotta go.
Do what you think is right.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
Mary understands Chinese.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
Where is your father's bookshop?
That's the reason he became angry.
The police will put you in prison.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
Did you bring a hair dryer?
I asked Mike to help me.
He is just pulling your leg.
Is there any salt left?
I'm a citizen of the world.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
I was able to answer the question.
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon.
Are there any apples in the box?
He listened to my suggestion.
You lied to me, didn't you?
The party ended at ten o'clock.
Try it out yourself.
Miss Yamada is in charge of the 2nd year class this year.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough, household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
Every sentence in this book is important.
I'm sorry, I love you.
I wonder where he is hiding.
You may go in now.
What she bought there was a camera.
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Is it safe to drink this water?
My mother used to be into tennis.
Answer my questions.
Could you please autograph this book?
He took a trip to Europe.
This book looks interesting.
I see a book.
The scar on his forehead really stands out.
When did your father come home?
I asked him to wait here.
There was no one in the room.
Say hello to your father for me.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
I agree with your opinion.
There are no people who don't desire peace.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
It's rather cold today.
How are this airline's airplanes?
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Tom needed to wash his car.
I'm good at skiing.
I am talking to you about history.
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
We made fun of him about this.
Tom didn't sleep very well last night.
I've just eaten lunch.
Yes, orange juice, please.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
That man pushed her to the side.
Set it down there.
The house stands on the hill.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
He is used to making speeches.
London is among the largest cities in the world.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
There are 50 members in the club.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
"To hire a good lawyer?" Al-Sayib asked.
I'm incredibly tired.
If he were here, he would visit us.
Everybody jumped into the pool.
Let's meet at one o'clock.
Wear silk socks!
Tell her that I am eating.
I do not fear death.
I didn't mean to do that.
What are you going to do tomorrow?
I'm good at singing.
When she heard the news, she sighed disappointedly.
I know everybody here.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
I'm being patient.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
We go to the same school.
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
I had a good sleep last night.
I don't quite agree with you.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
Jose, Anna, hello.
Let's play soccer.
My aunt gave me an album.
You're not too late.
There's been an accident.
The sun went below the horizon.
Let's go to the club.
Do you study every day?
Please show me around.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
I think Tom is still alive.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
Things are totally different now.
That's life.
He is studying in the library now.
He seldom eats fruits.
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
A Mexican taught him Spanish.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
Don't forget the ticket.
I owe you ten dollars.
Why do you want to kill me?
No one believed me at first.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
She had begun to recede in my memory.
My roommate is learning Chinese.
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
Calm down, and listen to me speak from the beginning.
I bought a red tie.
Does the room have air conditioning?
He is acquisitive of knowledge.
I bought it last week.
Tom's speech was excellent.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
Wow, so cold!
We do not belong to a political organisation.
How many pupils are there in your school?
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
That's the cause of his failure.
They flunked their exams.
I teach Spanish.
The homework was easily done.
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
He made many excuses for being late.
Please drive the car more slowly.
Birds sing.
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
Is this my life?
I believe Tom is right.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
Idiot!
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
In case I forget, please remind me.
He called me Ichiro.
The Greeks used to worship several gods.
I like your way of smiling.
You should not adulterate wine with water.
Could you tell me where Tom is?
The nail tore his jacket.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
They decided to build a bridge.
I can see the light.
Apart from English, he speaks German.
I haven't discussed that with Tom.
I was angry because he was late.
I don't trust him any more.
Is that true?
I can speak Chinese.
I'm not absolutely sure.
Do you know why they stopped talking?
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
Oops - I forgot my medicine.
How much is this camera?
This is not okay.
I will call you in a while.
What's that sound?
I want it now!
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
I can't find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
We furnished the refugees with blankets.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
The value of the yen has soared.
God does not exist.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
The price of rice has come down.
I'll treat you.
He left without saying goodbye.
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
I'll be free all day tomorrow.
Then, shall we go and eat?
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.
I don't have an ear for music.
They made us work all day long.
I don't understand your mind.
Throw this rotten banana.
After a storm comes a calm.
I have lived here for ten years.
I live within walking distance of school.
She's correct for sure.
I stayed at his place yesterday.
I study English an hour every day.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
She is getting married this fall.
Is your homework finished?
She worked from morning till night.
All of these meetings are in English.
I like you very much.
It was too difficult for me.
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I will do my best.
My room is just above.
She's used to going to the museum on Sundays.
He's always busy.
After work I go straight home.
I like reading American novels.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
Please don't ask.
I don't know what time he can come.
Tom claims he doesn't remember.
I didn't see her today.
Fill it up.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
The well has run dry.
Tom didn't like the idea.
That book was interesting.
He was born in Greece.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
She has broken the toaster again.
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.
I'd rather go swimming.
Give my love to your kids.
May I run with you?
Who do you want to speak to?
Let's take a bus.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.
This species of butterfly has already gone extinct.
How would you like your hair done?
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
He gave us the signal to begin.
Sit down! Don't stand up.
What did you eat this evening?
She may not come here tomorrow.
I got off at the wrong station.
I couldn't leave Tom.
Tom really needs help now.
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
They have achieved excellent results in different fields.
A bit of juice, please.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
Do be kind to your children!
What did you do yesterday evening?
Do you want something to drink?
Only we know this secret.
Kill them.
I know the feeling.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
I have waited for you for a long time!
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
He put on his hat at once.
Emily hates climbing.
Let's meet here again tomorrow.
He is tall.
Love and hope helped her to recover quickly.
Tom looked around, but saw no one.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
Playing tennis is fun.
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
Do you study?
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
She wants to hug him.
It is said that truth always triumphs.
He went to the store.
His health has enabled him to succeed in life.
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others.
Where is Manila?
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
I hope that you give this book a read.
We need his help.
Throw out
He flapped the flies away.
I went running past them.
He unexpectedly called you stupid.
Breathing was difficult.
I'm the owner of this house.
You may take anything you like.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
I was surprised.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
That red dress looks good on her.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Why do children have to carry such a heavy bag?
Where is the nearest subway station?
When did Tom ask you to do that?
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business.
I am a journalist.
What time did he say he'd come?
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
How were your last exams?
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
Cool the burned finger in running water.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.
I'd wear a helmet.
English and German are two related languages.
She extended her stay by five days.
I won't make that mistake again.
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
He did nothing but cry.
I feel we're going to get better.
Aren't you free tonight?
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
English is studied in China, too.
To see is to believe.
Thanks for coming over tonight.
It'll snow tomorrow.
We never gave up.
The president is presently in Miami.
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
Your dog is very big.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
This is a type of reprocessed tea.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Tom isn't a good person.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
You'd better go by bus.
It's snowing in Paris.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Let's get together again!
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
This toy is made of wood.
I know how to make beef stroganoff.
That is quite another matter.
I'm sorry, but the only thing I know how to say in this beautiful language is this sentence.
It's already eleven. It's high time you were in bed.
I've never flown in an airplane.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
Please write down your name.
Are those explosives?
Do you like China?
I didn't play tennis yesterday.
I'm too busy to help him.
You have nice skin.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
How many cars do you have?
Please get me a scrap of paper.
I'm going to see what I can do.
She became drowsy after supper.
Would you like some more gravy?
Tom and I were born in the same city.
Tom was late for dinner.
He did nothing wrong.
Tom isn't watching TV now.
I want to eat the cheese.
Was it Jack that broke the window?
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.
Tomorrow I must get up early.
I will try again, thank you.
We want two taxis.
He held a package under his arm.
So I stopped reading.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
She wore a white dress.
She's pretty.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
She is interested in music.
What season do you like the best?
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
It's an artificial flower.
What kind of alcohol do you like to drink?
Only four horses were in the race.
Life is not all fun and games.
The girl did not say anything.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Yari?
These pictures were painted by him.
He met with a traffic accident.
Don't give up English.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
Any bed is better than no bed.
Where have you been?
But it smells strange.
Your ferry is not big.
He cannot be trusted.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
These paintings are beautiful.
He built an observatory to study the stars.
I always buy expensive items on credit.
It's unbearably hot.
My hobby is playing the guitar.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
Have you returned?
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they've been sorted out now.
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
This is the passage to the sea.
He has impeccable manners, which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks!
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non-smokers.
I want to talk with your uncle.
You're welcome.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Does this book belong to you?
I'm going to go sit down.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
He had an accident on his way home.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
He commands the respect of a king.
It will be spring soon.
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
Would you like to have some coffee?
Do you like to travel?
Let me go alone.
Put the book back where it was.
I don't get it.
He had decided on a new policy.
You are a student.
Does love exist?
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
He asked me where my uncle lived.
Tom can't work this evening.
I'd rather do it by myself.
Somebody is playing the piano.
I'm bleeding.
My mother is certain to say no.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
I've had enough of your boasts.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
Congratulations on your face.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
I am blind in the right eye.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
I want to have a little look.
What he said was beside the point.
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.
Your opinion is very important to us.
My house has a small yard.
He ate it all up.
China is much larger than Japan.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
May the force be with you.
What on earth is the matter?
She may not come.
Is he a good teacher?
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
You want to remain anonymous.
The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
Why were you there?
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
You wake up lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave. A little light filters down from above. You can just make out a couple of openings leading away from the cave. What do you do now?
By whom was this picture painted?
The economic situation grew worse.
We let him keep the dog.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
My girlfriend cried.
Where do you want to go?
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
Hmm. I have a feeling I'm going to get lost whichever road I take.
Tom is a good person.
She gave me several books.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
That meal was simply divine.
You need a vacation.
I wish I was young again.
He called me up almost every day.
I can't believe that.
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
I met a novelist and a poet.
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out.
I will give you anything you want.
I go to work every day.
She got up late.
He is not interested in art at all.
They go camping every summer.
John inherited a large fortune.
Birds fly.
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
He is sometimes absent from school.
Something is changing.
There is a cat in the kitchen.
Don't throw stones into the river.
I'm having a great time in Canada.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
May the new year bring you happiness!
Mother has a coffee shop.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
Could you shut the door?
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
I will eat sweet and sour spareribs tonight.
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.
Tom told Mary he had a lot of money.
May I share this table with you?
Alice smiled.
We discussed the problem.
Brian left the door open.
A flower in the garden is wilting.
I baked some apple pies.
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
The knife is not sharp.
Fight fire with fire.
Not even one taxi stopped.
Will she go to America next year?
She writes an excellent hand.
Tom saw the file.
You are my saviour.
Aren't you going to go with me?
Be sure to remember!
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
He entered the hall of fame.
We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
Thank you for your invitation.
What did you major in at college?
They are bitter enemies.
Hello Tom! When did you come?
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
It is up to you.
I didn't do it on purpose.
I tried writing with my left hand.
She went home.
He knows how to play poker.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
The President is to speak on television this evening.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
I love that book.
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
I've been looking for my tripod.
I've never been there before.
I'm going to check out at eight.
He often goes abroad on business.
I explained the reason in detail.
He is shit out of luck.
Where did you see Nancy?
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,000 small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
I play the tenor saxophone.
Lucy likes playing tennis.
We expect a lot from him.
They were afraid of the big dog.
Tom goes for a walk every morning.
The customer is always right.
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
He doesn't need to work.
Where do you want to go today?
Large, isn't it?
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
Father always says, "Do your best."
She got out of the car.
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the movies, but we decided to stay home.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
Tom was all worn out.
I want to ride a horse.
You look very happy this morning.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
Where are you from, Karen?
I wish I knew where he was!
She enjoyed herself at the concert.
I am looking for you.
He took her out for a drive.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
This bill is safe to pass.
How tall are your parents?
Fuck your mom.
Ken is a good swimmer.
There were many people at the concert.
I love my father.
I want to meet your older sister.
Can I try on this jacket?
How can I reach you?
There's a telephone in the hall.
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
Life is not convex.
Do you study every day?
You have many caring friends.
Facebook is blocked in China.
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
I am never idle on a Sunday.
Wait here till I come back.
What prevented you from coming earlier?
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
He's at her side.
The contest has very strict eligibility requirements.
Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
That's the spirit!
He went to stay with his cousin.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
I want to go with you.
Venus' air pressure is very high.
I saw the film, which was not so good.
Were you at school at that time?
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
He is twice as old as I am.
Sorry, that was none of my business.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
I'm at home from six o'clock in the evening to eight o'clock in the morning.
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
Anyone can do that.
I don't like movies.
She accused me of telling a lie.
His car flipped over several times before it fell into the river.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
There's no way to win.
That's quite obvious.
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
He gave her a piece of paper.
Where's the changing room?
They fought for their liberty.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
My father drives a very old car.
That won't happen.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he always had enough to eat.
Tom didn't know who it was.
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.
Don't talk about such a thing.
I don't know what to do.
For what purpose?
Have you ever visited Kyoto before?
It is hardly worth discussing.
I'm satisfied with my work.
She is living in London.
I would like to learn how to dance.
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework.
Only a handful of people know the fact.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
The bill passed both Houses.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
I passed by her house yesterday.
I met Jane the other day.
Your tie has come undone.
It's really different from what I expected.
You're driving too fast.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
She made out the application for admission.
I don't have a partner.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
Both those students passed all the tests.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
I've always distrusted Tom.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
April showers bring May flowers.
Watch out for thieves around here.
The buses left one after another.
Tom is in the attic.
Tom just got divorced, too.
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
His father doesn't play golf.
Despite all his faults he is popular.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
I love nature.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
Wolves scare me.
Don't worry too much, or you'll go bald.
We don't want any freeloaders around here.
My father became old.
How rude of you!
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
How long will you be staying here?
Be sure to come at 3.
Please make yourself comfortable.
What do you say to taking a rest?
We have a door between our offices.
Please let me take your picture.
I talked with her for an hour.
Thank you, I understand everything.
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
She may well say so.
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.
It's important to follow a strict diet.
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
Latin was the language of religion and culture.
Tom wants me to stay away from him.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
Young people are usually full of energy.
I know I owe you money.
I consider him a great writer.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
When will you be online?
His salary is high.
I told the policeman what I knew.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
He decided to marry her.
People like you shouldn't be here.
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
Tom saw Mary crying.
He grinned with delight.
Nobody can control us.
Lie on your right side.
How many does he want?
Have some ham.
My mother plays the piano well.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
You don't need to speak so loud.
In his younger days he worked very hard.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
I'm very busy.
My daughter is to get married in June.
He almost died.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
Did you go out last night?
I don't know where you want to go.
Are you going to the gym today?
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
Not all aliens are bad.
She was accepted by Harvard.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
Please show me the green shirt.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
She went astray in the woods.
She was very proud of her father.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
Two times two is four.
We believed him to be innocent.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
This wooden chair costs sixty pounds.
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old.
He caught me by the arm.
Everyone dies.
Tom is the only boy in our class.
Their baby is able to walk already.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
She doesn't like sushi.
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
You should have been more careful.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
You're better than him.
We do what we want to do.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I will book a dentist appointment.
I love to travel abroad.
What the devil are you doing?
He eats.
I can't bend my right arm.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
I can't make an exception.
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
Please send me a letter.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
How long has George lived here?
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.
He told me he was going to America.
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I'd like to buy that one there."
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies?
Why can't Tom come to us?
The cause of the fire is not known.
My shoulder hurts.
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
Please forgive me asking such a personal question.
I will write a book about that.
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward.
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
She was named Kate after her mother.
Let me introduce you to him.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
They had a lovely time together.
How about you?
They moved here three years ago.
She promised not to go out alone.
The bus hasn't come yet.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
It's still too early to get up.
The fire went out by itself.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
I agreed with him on the plan.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
English is my native language.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
Shut all the doors and windows.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
Tom refused to answer any questions.
My mother bought some apples at the fruit shop.
Tom said he's glad he could do that.
What did you say to Paula?
We painted the door green.
You're just being ridiculous.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
It's a beautiful painting.
Leave a space between the lines.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
There are exceptions to every rule.
Those two are exactly alike.
I'd like to see a doctor.
Where are you going to eat lunch?
I drink 1.7 liters of water each day.
I am British.
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
She can speak English very well.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
I would like to eat.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
I lent Tom and Paula my camera.
I know how we can help.
Kill her.
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
I am afraid of death.
That smells bad.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
Would you like to go abroad?
I want to go to see a movie.
You'll soon get accustomed to the work.
I'm taking Spanish this semester.
I've found something amazing!
I wish that Tom would go home.
I am counting on you.
Why did you come home so late?
Tom got angry at the children.
I'll think it over.
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
I have already talked with this student.
She often eats breakfast there.
May I play the piano?
They had to work all year round.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
He has good eyesight.
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
He made a speech in plain English.
Correct!
She showed me around the campus.
I don't want to eat.
We graduate from high school at eighteen.
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
She knows how to make candy.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
He denies having broken the window.
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
They went to Chicago by car.
I'm new here.
I was just trying to protect you.
We debated on the question of world population.
It is wicked of you to do such things.
This plan requires secrecy.
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
Let him play your guitar.
He sings treble.
I don't plan to stay very long.
I couldn't find her.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
Maybe she will not come.
Everyone was drunk, except me.
I usually have a light breakfast.
Those old laws were all done away with.
But I want a car.
Ken likes camping.
Life today is fast-moving and complex.
I think you're right.
She got through her work before five.
The war lasted nearly ten years.
He has no choice but to resign.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
The heater is broken.
Don't pay attention to her.
I'm too busy to go.
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.
She is terrible at cooking.
I bought a new sewing machine.
Get away!
Tom comes home almost every weekend.
It is inefficient of you.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
Is there anything that needs to be done?
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
Come here quickly.
I sometimes play tennis with her.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
I forget your phone number.
He didn't understand me.
He has a bicycle.
I don't know if I can do it.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
What is the name of that bird?
I won't know until I talk to Tom.
Ken was in Japan last year.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
He contemplated taking a trip to Paris.
That's very rare.
I turned the doorknob.
There is a knife missing.
The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
I arrived at the station on time.
Did you read that thick book?
Do you have medical insurance?
Could you get me some tea?
Tom has lost weight recently.
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Shoppers crowded the streets.
I'd like to make an overseas call.
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.
You can always count on Tom.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Can you feel the difference?
We've already prepared for the millennium bug.
He is telling a lie.
She looks unhappy.
My name is Dusanna.
What did you have to eat?
I'd like to go skiing.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
They talked about love.
It's been pouring here for the last few days.
Tom and John are good friends.
How is this airline?
My father has been to Australia twice.
I believe in exercising regularly.
My parents don't understand me.
I can say with certainty that he hates me.
You may have been the last person to see Tom.
This question is not that simple.
Is that a paper?
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
You are the fastest.
This watch is shock-proof.
Don't quit English.
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind?
Who do you suggest we talk to?
Are you guys crying?
We give a 10% discount for cash.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
Close the door please.
All the world speaks English.
They're fast runners.
It is especially hot today.
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
We haven't lost much.
She writes a very good hand.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
This is a picture of my family.
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.
This book is popular with students.
You are now breathing manually.
Tom recently found a good job.
My brother bought an electric guitar.
I do not like beer.
Good morning, Mike.
I get two hour's exercise every day.
It will be fine this afternoon.
Drink this juice.
Oh! That's too bad.
He went there ten years ago.
He always comes to show his appreciation during the New Year and holidays.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
I haven't decided yet.
You have only to practice every day.
We look forward to seeing you again.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
The job offer still stands.
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.
You've got to apologize.
The opposite of "inconvenient" is "convenient".
Your tooth must be extracted.
The bed takes up a lot of space.
Using a computer can save your time.
She got in at 9 p.m.
English will take you a long time to master.
My throat burns.
I'll give you a book.
He was absent from school because of illness.
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
He is hard to get along with.
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
Tom is quite good at cooking.
Lunch will be ready soon.
The plane flew above the clouds.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
Is your mother at home?
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.
Is the room big enough for you?
Music is her passion.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
I get tired due to my old age.
He grasped the rope with two hands.
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
Two families live in that house.
She turned down his invitation.
This is a very important meeting.
He really wants to be Muslim.
Do you have small change with you?
They sometimes help us.
I never touch beer.
The bus is running about ten minutes late.
Lucy is from America.
You should have warned him sooner.
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
I forget who said it.
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
Nothing is as precious as love.
They're in danger.
Pick food that are less in oil, sugar, salt and foods with high fibre.
He cut the cake into seven pieces.
I saw you driving your new car.
It has been raining for two days.
I'm getting married to her in June.
I like potatoes.
I don't know where we'll arrive.
She works with single-minded determination.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
Do you have a plan?
That experiment was a failure.
My wish is to become a teacher.
I have to get some sleep.
What are you going to do today?
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose.
The boy has learned to read.
You need to be more careful.
Iceland has not joined the European Union.
His mother is American.
When was the castle built?
This is a good book, but that one is better.
We still have more time.
Here we are!
Shall we take a bath together?
I lived in Japan three years ago.
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
My hobby is making model planes.
High calorie foods are bad for my health.
Emi will study English.
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
How long does it take?
Faster, Tom.
It's a real bargain.
You can't apply this rule to every case.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor.
I prefer to travel by air.
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
He made up his mind quickly.
I work in the nighttime.
Let them take care of themselves.
Many cars passed by.
She's sitting on the bench.
This box is filled with apples.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
He didn't fear death.
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
Let them decide.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
Oslo is the most populous city in Norway.
I am not a rhinoceros, I am not a tiger, but I am led into this barren wild...
She laced her shoes.
Thus I have heard.
Extreme is my decay.
We know.
That's nonsense.
Was it so large as that?
He's very angry.
Is it a yes or a no?
Birds and beasts like tragic sounds, their ears are identical with the human ones.
What is "man"?
How does one eat this?
Good always wins over evil.
Is there any way to an unperturbed mind?
Man is water.
So?
Employ the employable.
Would you be willing to help?
Take it easy.
I know the name of this animal.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
Don't be afraid.
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
Good medicine tastes bitter, good advice is hard to listen to.
What he says is nonsense.
I study.
At first, we could make ends meet, but as it continued we became unable to cover our expenses.
How can you say that?
What more could I ask for?
One cannot get through if there is no door; there is no light if there is no window.
Monarchs do not joke.
Beat it.
What one cannot see is what is distant; instead, look at what is near.
Initially this gave rise to gossip among petty people, and it gradually provoked criticism from members of our family.
Don't make such a mistake.
My wife is obsessed with cleaning.
This is very good.
Acceptable and unacceptable are clearly in opposition to each other.
I think of her day and night.
Since there were living men until now, there never was another Confucius.
I mean to stop drinking.
I am very busy.
Where there is music there is joy.
They stopped the music.
Yes.
Do your best.
Call him an abyss - how deep he is!
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
We eat to live, not live to eat.
The one who can walk is able as well to dance, and the one who can talk, to sing.
Stop the car.
There's nothing I can do.
The great one always has a pure heart.
Better tools make good work.
The criminal is still at large.
Day alternates with night.
To raise one's name in later generations and thereby glorify one's parents, this is the greatest expression of filial piety.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
What about you? Do you trust this man?
I'm undressing.
As the Duke of Zhou said, "It will benefit not to crave for the personal benifit".
All right.
Later, it happened that there was some gossip at home, and my mother suspected that she had written something improper; after that she would not have her letters written for her.
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
If there be fear, it would cause failure.
I want to know.
It was all more and more surprising.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
He is very angry.
Yep.
When the four limbs are placed correctly and the vital energy of blood is tranquil, the thoughts will be unified, and mind will be concentrated: ears and eyes will not be flooded, and what is distant will be like what is close, - the knowledge will be born out of thinking.
Zhuangzi went to the kingdom of Chu.
I know.
If you eat too much, you'll become fat.
Where is the ox going?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
The greatest wisdom has no shape; the greatest vessel is the latest to be completed; the greatest music has the most tenuous notes.
Too bad.
There is no hope.
I made a mistake.
What does it mean?
What a splendid city!
What is happiness?
Every action has its consequence.
Stop it!
When Qi follows the Way, there is life. When there is life, there is thought. When there is thought, there is knowledge. When there is knowledge, one stops. In all cases, the forms of the mind are such that transgressive knowledge leads to a loss of life.
To be or not to be, that is the question.
This doesn't concern me.
It is the mouth that gives occasion for shame, and the coat of mail and helmet give occasion to war.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
There are many of those who love people; those who know people are few.
What does this mean?
The hounds are in pursuit of the fox.
You're wrong.
It's not the same thing.
Forewarned is forearmed.
He's my older brother.
A bird can fly.
Achievement is founded on diligence and wasted upon recklessness.
Contemporaries said about him: “No one before has ever navigated like Columbus does, and no one ever will.”
Who excels in studies can follow an official career.
Did you eat yet?
Where do you live?
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
You're still young.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
I cannot eat any more.
When is your birthday?
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
You are absolutely right.
Do you approve of what she is doing?
My sister sings songs very well.
What is his nationality?
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
It seems to me that the train is late.
Why did you absent yourself from class yesterday?
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
The children shared a pizza after school.
Why are you angry?
Please come over with your wife.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
He fired three shots.
I'm hot.
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
40 dollars for seven days.
Oh, my God!
That book is theirs.
There is a television in this room.
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
This is Mr. Smith.
Is this book the one he always uses?
She has not seen him for a long time.
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
I'm pooped.
I want to eat French cuisine.
The top is turning clockwise.
I keep a female cat.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
That's very sweet of you.
What's your favorite tongue twister?
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
The express train is an hour faster than the local.
I've bought the groceries, cooked the food, and now I'm waiting for my son to come and eat.
He has a lot of books on history.
This is an authentic Suzhou embroidery.
She's just jealous of your youth.
You can certainly rely on him.
I want a cup of iced-tea.
Why are you angry with him?
I won't lose!
I'm unemployed.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
The locals are very hospitable.
I agree.
Do as I told you to do.
I can't believe my eyes.
The number of cars running in the city has increased.
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
By the way, I have something to tell you.
Do you have strong likes and dislikes for certain food?
Red is out of fashion.
You're driving too fast.
There is much truth in what you say.
I alone did it.
I have one brother and two sisters.
When in Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
Having been written in a hurry, this letter has many mistakes in it.
What languages do they speak in Korea?
Since I broke my foot, I'm walking with crutches.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
Few people think so.
When do you drink coffee?
He writes letters to his mother.
I like my language.
He stayed at his aunt's house.
He must be over sixty.
Please fill this water bottle.
I don't have to clean my room.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
I don't go to the movies as often as I'd like.
Our house has seven rooms including the dining room.
Do you have a cellphone?
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
Can you skate?
What public equipment is there?
These are our books.
Never had I seen such evil in a single heart!
The dog had a piece of meat in its mouth.
Bob is my friend.
I haven't seen her since then.
She showed me her room.
It is generally believed that money brings happiness.
There! She comes!
Are you still alive, Sysko?
I think you went too far.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
In the end, just don't drive me there.
How cold it is!
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
This is only known by Obama.
I have one elder brother and a younger sister.
I miss him.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
Everything else is fine.
He knows how to make a radio.
How much money do you want?
Let's start at the beginning.
His cottage is on the coast.
Your bag is on my desk.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
Take care.
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me.
What do you recommend to me?
No, this is my son's DVD.
You're still young.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
Today is a fabulous day.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
The users of Tatoeba are kind.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
The cap is too small for me.
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
Those books aren't yours?
The father is together with his son, how cozy it is!
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.
My name is Wang.
Excuse me, what time is it?
The movie's about to start.
You were considerate not to disturb us.
Shanghainese is actually a kind of pidgin, based on Wu dialects, Lower Yangtze Mandarin, and English loanwords.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
What are the first five letters of your email?
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
Which season do you like the best?
I am delighted to have met you today.
Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
What's the reason?
Who was that you were with last night?
Great!
Just do it.
Give me a white piece of paper.
You can take your time.
Where do you want it delivered?
"No way!" "Way."
Oh, my white pants! And they were new.
What is your date of birth?
Will you take me there?
The suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
What's the weather like today?
Do you like listening to music or singing songs?
I've got to take my library books back before January 25th.
You shouldn't eat here.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
There are about forty students in her class.
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts.
Either go out or come in.
What did you do there?
She works as a nurse in the local hospital.
In the moutain lives a tiger which lost its roar.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
There are no waves without wind.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
Please spit.
She hasn't come yet.
How long have you been alienated from your family?
His death was a great loss to our firm.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
My house has a fruit garden.
Hurry up.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
She spends a lot of money on books.
I made him sweep the floor.
That's bullshit!
My house is fully insured.
What do you like to do?
It's mine, not his.
If you're happy to, have some.
She's got two cats. One's white and the other is black.
What is the local time in New York?
Most boys like baseball.
What month is this?
What did you say to Paula?
No need to worry.
I have to cook dinner today.
Don't be angry with me, for I did it for your sake.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
I couldn't answer all the questions.
The bell has not rung yet.
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
Is that thing yours?
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Where are you from?
This medicine does not have side effects.
You read the paper?
I was tired.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
Hamisi wants sugar.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
Will it rain tomorrow?
All the films are boring.
It's the same thing.
I just got your letter yesterday.
Sami muttered something that I couldn't hear.
I'd like to live near your house.
I lost my key.
That is an expensive university.
I've worked here for ten years.
He failed the entrance exam.
He could learn the poem by heart at the age of five.
Sami was crying like a baby.
If you add sevenths to the chords in this piece, it suddenly sounds very jazzy.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
She could not cope with anxiety.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
Don't speak nonsense!
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
Did you feel the earth shake just now?
Layla was sound asleep.
You guys are untrustworthy.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
I'm in Hong Kong right now.
Do you know how to drive a car?
He applied his theory to some cases.
You'll need to file your taxes by the end of May.
He began to work for that company last year.
Tea is a popular beverage throughout the world.
It's not us who did it.
This is a very complex problem.
If you don't have enough evidence to convince the other person you're right, make stuff up.
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
I wonder where he is hiding.
When was the last time you celebrated Christmas with your whole family?
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
He is taller than any other boy.
With winter coming on, it's time to buy warm clothes.
He said to me, 'Let's eat out tonight.'
Where are my glasses?
The horse is not white.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
I'm sorry I opened your mail by mistake.
We're not all as tired as you are.
You may come whenever you like.
Intelligent people are often arrogant.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
Use your head!
I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
He left the money at home.
I wish you were with me.
How many people did you buy Christmas presents for this year?
You were asleep by the time I got home.
I didn't get much sleep last night so I was nodding off all day at work.
I want to learn how to say this word in Arabic.
My father died of cancer.
Do you think we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Layla lost a lot of blood.
I want all of the furniture taken to our house right away.
He had his car stolen last night.
If you ask me, that's clearly the middle of the night!
I'm not in on Sunday.
He didn't even know our names.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
We need to pay attention.
I'm ignorant, but at least I recognize the limits of my knowledge.
We're on our way home.
I think we've bought everything we need.
"Dear, where have you been?" "I've been running." "But your T-shirt is dry and doesn't smell at all."
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
I must say something.
He forgot to lock the door.
I want to eat something.
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
I take back what I said.
He said he knew the famous actress, which was a lie.
I opened the can, but it was empty.
Drive slowly.
What was the best present you received last Christmas?
He didn't even know our names.
That's exactly what Tom wants.
Tom wanted to take a nap before dinner.
We're thinking of adding on another bedroom to the house.
Raw fish easily goes bad.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
The house in which we lived was torn down.
We weren't at home yesterday.
I wish you were here with me now.
Judging from the present look of the sky, we may have a downpour any moment.
May I have the menu and the wine list?
I thought it went well.
They can not meet without quarreling with each other.
Make sure you get rid of your cold. You've got to be ready again next week. We can't do without you.
I'm available in case you need something.
He played the girl a piece of music of his own writing.
You made your mother cry.
You never let me do what I want to do.
I'm not sure if I miss her or just miss having a girlfriend.
How much is that?
When can we have a discussion about this?
That bridge is very beautiful.
You seem to know a great deal about me.
I made Tom cry.
I'd like to teach in a school with highly-motivated students.
He gets tired easily.
We have no school today.
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung.
Please write down your contact address here.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
Close that door.
I have an urge to buy something.
When I hear the news, I get goose bumps. How could there be such a dangerous thing?
I've been waiting for you for over an hour.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
When was she born?
December is the last month of the year.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
I want you to meet my parents.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
What's the best Christmas present you've ever received?
I often went to the movies with dad.
I had a horrible dream last night.
I think it's still worth a try.
I've seen worse.
The boys are not afraid of him.
Is she a taxi driver?
Let's go by taxi, OK?
Ha, as if you had a choice.
The boys do not sit on benches in the garden, but lie on the soft grass.
We've been without power for three days now.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
How come you call on us so late at night?
I don't like heavy makeup on a young girl.
Work smarter, not harder.
We'll take your feelings into account.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
I've asked Tom not to do that.
Come to lunch with us.
I'm a light sleeper.
His younger sister is a well-known TV star.
He does not know how to drive a car.
You should've listened to him.
Tom bought a camera like yours.
I cleaned the windows in the spring but they're dirty again.
The bus hasn't come yet.
This spoon is for soup.
Do you really love me?
How do you know you're not a brain in a vat?
"You don't have any more croissants?" "All sold out."
It seems that I met you somewhere.
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish ballads for us.
What did you just say?
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your talk.
Yes, it happens once in a while.
She was moved to tears.
It's on the table.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
I'm sorry Mohammed, I forgot your name!
I feel that I understand your feelings.
We started a campaign against smoking.
I broke his heart, but I love him.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
I don't want a bloody voucher. Just give me cash!
What is happening to me? Am I losing my personality?
What was the best present you got last Christmas?
Where are my dragons?
"Seen my cell phone?" "On the table!"
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
Sami is younger than most people think he is.
The cat ate the mouse.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
Lend me your book, please.
"Who's this man?" "That's not a man. It's a robot I thought up!"
You'd better get your stuff together now because we're leaving in ten minutes.
I had some money stolen yesterday.
You will miss Japanese food in the United States.
It's the same thing.
We'd better not get caught.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
He saved the situation.
We want to know.
Hurry up. We've little time to waste.
Bring the water to a boil.
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights." "You are a coward!"
China is the largest country in Asia.
What did you do there?
Don't worry, I have already fixed it.
He earns three times as much as I.
How are you so good at English?
He has no sense of right and wrong.
I want something cold to drink.
Would you take a picture of us with this camera?
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
I bought a new shaver.
Is it possible to define the colour red by pointing to an apple?
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
I did all I could.
Take your time. There's no rush.
Mr Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
I'm sorry, I know what I said earlier, but forget it.
Busy with my work, I had no time to write to you.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
Let's put up the Christmas tree there.
The mangoes are ripe; do you want to try them in a bit?
I wish I had a cute little brother or a cool older brother.
I still need some time to prepare.
Sami waited for you all afternoon.
What color do you think she likes?
He will come soon.
They're fast runners.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
The man robbed Susan of all her money.
Are you two really dating again?
She went away without so much as saying good-bye to us.
They are right.
"Hey, why is the window open?" "I just opened it to let in a little air. If you're cold, feel free to close it."
It's not important.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
Layla was beaten to death.
I saw two cars parked here.
Don't cry. I'll start crying too.
He lives near my house.
Let me die.
This is how time is all wasted.
I asked many people for help, but so far I haven't had any luck.
I could hear the dog barking all night long.
Tom spoke to the pastor for two hours.
I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
As an Englishman, he is particularly sensitive to the differences between English and American usage.
Do you think that we'll have a white Christmas this year?
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
Twenty years already passed.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
Now we have enough people to play mahjong.
The family lived in poverty.
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
Do you come here often?
This yogurt dip is completely overrated!
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
You'll soon be able to swim.
You look very tired.
Where did you weigh them?
He lives in the next village.
I ran across your mother in the library.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
I miss my elementary teachers very much.
There are more similarities than differences between us.
Five plus two equals seven.
As he was an honest man, I employed him.
He sat next to her.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
Mother Teresa used the prize money for her work in India and around the world.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
You may not smoke in this room.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
He is frugal, to say the least of it.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
What's that sound?
I don't think Tom is telling the truth.
Japan has a high population density.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
Tom taught me a lot of useful things.
I'm sad because everyone went away and left me alone.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
This building is near completion.
We have time to sing one more song.
I bought a new bag.
Bring a couple more chairs.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
I read his book.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
If she expects them to give her five days off work with pay, she's going to be disappointed.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
Do you have a double room?
People often take me for my brother.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
You have to change trains at the next stop.
The moral of the story is that it's wrong to lie.
He banged the door in anger.
Are you okay? Are you stressed?
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
You shouldn't answer your mother back like that when she scolds you.
This is my business address.
Right around the corner!
The only way to escape air pollution is to live in the middle of nowhere.
Tom took off his sunglasses.
I lack the words to describe my emotions.
Does she play the piano?
Why must you give away all of my secrets?
She introduced me to her brother.
This way is to find him out.
How many people are likely to show up?
Interest on loans is high at present.
She told me his name after he had left.
I know all your songs by heart.
That changes nothing.
They aren't my books.
She plays tennis with her friends once a week.
There's a hole in this sock.
I said I'm sorry.
The lady moved here a month ago.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
Hit me.
Are you the writer of that report?
This pen belongs to me.
Your shirt button is coming off.
There are many beautiful parks in London.
None of the shops I went to had the book I wanted.
She told me a wrong address on purpose.
He fixed the watch for me.
Tom comes here almost every Saturday.
What a waste!
He tasted the cheesecake.
Have you done all your English homework yet?
Tom took a nap for thirty minutes.
Layla lost a lot of money.
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
I want to speak to your manager.
Guess how tall I am.
You all right?
Politicians are good at raising money.
The kite got caught in the tree.
We live in a civilized society.
I know how to get there.
Do you think Tom is all right?
I lost the door key, so I can't enter the house.
They asked me what my name was, where I came from, and why I had come.
Both spellings are correct.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
Do you live in Tokyo?
What was his motive for doing it?
Layla fell in love with a handsome man and got married.
Does she play the piano?
His older brother passed away last month.
Were you home last night?
He is the last man to break his promise.
The teacher told me that Hitler killed himself.
You had better put out the fire before you go to bed.
Where is the nearest bank?
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
He looks pleased with his new car which he bought yesterday.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
There are no common properties shared by all games.
Where are you guys now?
The teacher wrote French words on the blackboard.
We elected him president.
Once upon a time, there lived a stingy old man in the village.
Everybody is waiting for you.
His mother came to pick him up.
This book is mine.
It is crazy of you to put your life at risk.
I'd like a glass of water.
Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn't pollute the air.
We were crowded into the small room.
You don't have to hide anything from me.
Which is worse, killing one person or letting five people die?
I am tired.
I have to go to the bank now.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
I had my wallet stolen.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
I don't have time to be bothered by such small things.
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
Is your watch correct?
I hear you have been sick.
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
For a second there I thought I was a goner.
See, that wasn't so difficult, was it?
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
Where are we assembling?
I think you panicked.
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
I promised that I would return soon.
Why is this computer here?
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
As I was sleepy, I went to bed.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
You can get an idea what we are doing here soon.
Thank you for lending us the book.
Because of the bad weather, he couldn't come.
I want to go to bed early tonight.
What will you do after graduation?
My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
He is a smart person. By which I mean, I agree with his opinions.
He kicked me twice.
The house is opposite the church. You can't miss it.
He promised to be here at 6.
I don't want anything for Christmas.
After they had finished their work, they went out.
I can hardly stand his behavior.
Just out of curiosity, what would you do?
We are watching TV.
Today is the warmest day of the year.
Both young and old, men and women, regularly get together at the local bathhouses.
The kids are scared.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
Try to look at it from my point of view.
It's fun to knead dough.
Let's go to a Japanese restaurant!
What do you want to talk to me about?
That elder brother is taller than that elder brother.
Look at that building. Is it a temple?
The man reading a book over there is my father.
You must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
Since I was all by myself, I felt a bit lonely.
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
Cut the meat into thin slices.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
Shall we take a short rest?
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
This spoon is for tea.
Did you hear what he said?
Intelligent people are often arrogant.
"Let's go for a run." "Let's not."
Will you tell me where I am wrong?
He is the person whom I saw yesterday.
Technically hiragana is a syllabary, not an alphabet.
Before I went to bed, I set the alarm clock for seven.
We were very busy last week.
The cake was all eaten up before I got home.
They don't eat meat.
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
How long is the flight?
I don't have anything to write about.
I left something in the room.
That's a bit of a problem.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
There's something I'd like to show you.
My brother was so absorbed in reading that he did not notice me when I entered the room.
Tom has finished reading the book that Mary gave him yesterday.
Let me see your wound.
How much does that cost?
"Wanna go karaoke?" "Sorry, later."
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
Why are you learning French?
Am I pronouncing your name correctly?
I wouldn't call myself a sentimental person, but it brought tears to my eyes.
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
You didn't seem to understand what Sami was saying.
I feel like I've become someone else.
Is this hat yours?
Could you turn the volume down?
Come on in!
She gave me a nice pair of shoes.
I was in the hospital for a few days.
His name is on the tip of my tongue.
Turtles don't have teeth.
That famous poet planned on killing himself in his library.
I'm at the police station.
That job paid well.
Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
She's on her way.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
Your new hair style makes you look older.
Enter the laboratory and press the emergency button.
I cried all night long.
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
I can do this, can't I?
Layla was a normal fifteen-year-old girl.
Those two men sneaked into the house and were seen by someone.
You ought to finish your homework at once.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
Tom was sitting under a tree, drinking wine.
What kind of monster would do such a thing?
We chose her a nice birthday present.
Layla walked to the parking lot.
You have only to sign your name here.
I'll let you know when she arrives.
Tom wants his children to have a good education.
I like to ride a horse now and then.
He stood up.
Are you aware of how much money your son has been spending?
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
I stand corrected.
He came down to breakfast.
How dare you speak to me like that!
He called the judge 'Your Majesty'.
This looks kind of cute.
I am tired!
I'll eat my hat if she turns up on time.
You're my only hope.
Tom sat silently for 30 minutes.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
This school is now coeducational.
Let's leave that matter for later.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
She's promised to give me a ring.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
Give it a shot.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
I liked the way it smelled.
Her bicycle is blue.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
Our meeting rarely starts on time.
Mine is not so good as yours.
Since communism became obsolete and the dictatorship of the proletariat is out of date, capitalism proves to be the best so far, even though it itself is still a threat for humanity.
She promised to meet him last night.
Tom's great-grandfather was born blind.
Nothing is more important than health.
I've already eaten breakfast.
What's the hotkey for inserting a non-breaking space?
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
The calculator on the table is mine.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
Intelligent people are often arrogant.
What difference does it make if people are looking at us?
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
Your English has improved a lot.
It's easy.
Susan is a good cook.
Who did you give it to?
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
I hope the bus comes soon.
Anyone over eighteen years of age counts as an adult.
You speak Esperanto, right?
These pajamas absorb sweat well.
I'll protect them.
As far as I go, I'm a cook. The only thing I do is prepare the food.
Is this information right?
They are a good couple.
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
When I was a boy, I always got up early.
I often played baseball when I was young.
On my way home, I met him.
Don't move! You take a step and you die!
They were unable to help us.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
He never drinks except on special occasions.
I am a vegetarian.
Existence is a meaningless concept.
I got up late this morning.
He could listen to seven people at once.
When will you be back?
Is her father a doctor?
What will happen if there's power failure now?
She doesn't give a shit about him. It's his money she's after.
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
I asked God for a bike, but I realized that that wasn't his method. So I stole a bike and asked God for forgiveness.
Say it clearly.
I have a lot of work to do.
We could have bought the car with a little more money.
The boy who is swimming is my younger brother.
She came to see us yesterday.
Your excellent work puts me to shame.
What souvenirs did you buy?
The police officer arrested the burglar.
How often a week do you take a bath?
This is a difficult math problem.
The child caught the cat by the tail.
What does your family eat for Christmas dinner?
I just got a good idea.
It's boring to stay at home.
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
I just bought some cardboard.
Do you know where the police station is?
We have way too much work to do.
The bird is in the sky.
I'm right.
The president laughed in spite of himself.
What do your classmates think of taking online courses like this?
I'll have the meal ready by 10 o'clock.
Messi scored a spectacular goal.
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.
Do you really mean that?
Tom couldn't live up to Mary's expectations.
What can I do to reduce the air pollution in this city?
Many consider Italian to be the world's most beautiful language.
Who did you buy those flowers for?
Can all birds fly?
She is a woman of great beauty.
They refused to believe what I told them.
At first sight, the question seemed easy.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
Have you written all the New Year's cards already?
I'll buy you a drink.
I don't usually carry much with me when I travel.
The man you saw in my office yesterday is from Belgium.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
Where did you learn French?
Just because something is tradition doesn't mean it's right.
He painted the door green all over.
You should seriously consider a career as a tattoo cover-up artist.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
There were only six people at the meeting.
The Alpinists carried out the ascent, but they did not return safely.
Crap, I spent too much money.
Just what the heck are you doing?
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Overrated, yes, but it is a good manga.
What the bloody fuck is that?
I just came from there.
I think I understand.
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
What prevented him from coming?
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
We need carrots and tomatoes for the soup.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
How would you feel if someone did that to you?
We have to take this problem into consideration.
I remember seeing her once on the street.
She said she was OK. In fact, she was terribly injured.
It's not unprecedented.
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
The youth of all countries want to talk about their hopes and experiences, but the problem of language remains; the Internet has only solved the problem of distance.
Beyond this I know nothing.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Where would you like to go next Sunday?
I like to listen to good music.
Not for the faint-hearted!
The crude oil price is falling further.
This note is better construed as a sharp fifteenth rather than a flat ninth.
Tom is always trying to be cool.
Did you read the whole book?
Don't lose these sheets of paper!
Have you been busy lately?
I cycle to work.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Please use British English in your text.
He already thought of the answer.
Which one is your bag?
I hope your wish will come true.
Would you please tell me your full name and address?
You said you had a contract.
I don't need a babysitter.
I'm afraid it will rain tomorrow.
Be born, get married, and die; always bring money.
How did your interview go?
I wonder if you would mind lending me your car for a couple of days.
I don't like paying taxes.
I don't give a shit.
Don't stand too close.
The beach was beautiful.
Which language do you want to learn?
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
I'll let you decide.
The phone is ringing!
The horse ran fast.
If that happens again, call me.
No problem.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
To be, or not to be, that is the question.
Organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty.
This watch is meant for you.
Where?
I can't speak Kannada.
I'd better drive you home.
This is the second time I've flown.
You can leave your hat on.
Can you please cut down on the swearing? You're setting a bad example for the kids.
He's a shitty driver.
Will you come with me to the concert?
Did you practise the guqin this morning?
I saw her three hours ago.
My daughter likes egg yolks.
I'll remember you forever.
I give up - tell me the answer.
Don't worry about it, I'll go myself.
Do you know the meaning of this word?
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
You may go in now.
You may choose whichever you like.
I must say good-bye to you.
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
Sorry, that was a terrible explanation, but you get the idea.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
I don't know when it'll happen, but I'm pretty sure that it'll happen.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
She goes to night school.
I'm looking for my glasses.
It isn't expensive.
Jane has a lot of clothes to wash.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
Guess who I met today!
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
Tom isn't interested.
How many cats are there in this house?
I don't know for certain.
It is likely to rain today.
Hey, that rhymes!
I haven't had that much fun since I left college.
There's no chair to sit upon.
You wish!
Layla tried to commit suicide.
Don't talk about business while we're dining.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
Wow! That's cheap!
I'm going to die tomorrow, and so I won't be free the day after.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice.
Tom sang a lot better than I thought he would.
Don't be greedy.
He's playing a tower defense game.
Is there a post office around here?
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
I have congee every morning.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
"How much do you have on you now?" "Sorry, I didn't bring my wallet."
He is too young to go there alone.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
She's loved by her friends.
I am afraid I must be going now.
The problem has more to do with you than with me.
Be careful not to tamper with it.
What a beautiful bird it is!
I'm waiting for him.
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
You need to take this medicine three times a day.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
I love you, too.
How old is Tony?
There's almost no milk left in the glass.
Tom didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom is leaving at 2:30, isn't he?
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
Can I speak to you for a moment please?
Tom is my older brother.
The old oak was almost higher than the house.
Seen from distance, the rock looked like a human face.
What a good tennis player Tony is!
He will always love her.
I'm waiting for you to help me.
I have pus coming out of my gums.
I don't believe you've met him.
Whose bag is this?
This is a meeting room, not a waiting room.
Let me help you with the dishes.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
Caution! Wet floor.
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
I hear you have a new girlfriend.
She has big boobs.
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
I've lost my appetite.
We don't have much snow here even in the winter.
Aren't you working today?
Don't walk home alone.
I'm not in a good mood either.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
Don't go out in this heat with a bare head.
You must not eat too much ice-cream and spaghetti.
He is always at home on Mondays.
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business.
I can't come up with a plan right now.
I am hungry.
Sami confessed to both crimes.
What's your favorite Christmas carol?
Would you speak more slowly, please?
I wish I had a room of my own.
She disliked her husband.
He is good at riding a horse.
No one would help me.
My father is two years younger than my mother.
He is still angry.
The doctor is not available now.
I've actually never seen it.
I spent a lot of time listening to music.
I shave every morning.
Where can I buy silk?
Why are you meowing?
I can't think of his name just now.
Hello!
I want to learn Indonesian.
She runs a beauty shop.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
Would you do me a favor by moving that chair over to the corner so that I can sweep the floor?
Smoking is harmful to health.
The old man possesses great wealth.
I shouldn't have made this many sandwiches.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
Who's your favorite philosopher?
The man is old.
You don't fool me, you know.
Smoking is harmful to health.
Shut up, bitch!
Tom had no money.
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
Only cross the street on the green light.
Layla walked her dogs every day.
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
There's no use crying over spilled milk.
Where can I find a cab?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Did you watch TV last night?
She wants to go to America.
Where can I buy it?
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
Hey, what are you doing?
Come home before six.
The house wasn't particularly remarkable.
Believe it or not.
Beware of falling rocks!
His room is always tidy.
My computer is antiquated already.
Have you got a lighter?
He got up earlier than usual.
Several delegates disagreed.
He obviously lied.
He likes traveling and so do I.
John is too fat to run fast.
Not only can he speak Mandarin, but Shanghainese as well.
I think he's not over his ex.
Oh, you can walk here?
I demand to speak to the manager.
Xiaoming doesn't know how to control herself.
I'm going to do that again.
The tree grew very tall.
Is breakfast ready?
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
I think it could happen.
He likes coffee without sugar.
Don't be greedy.
When will Mr. Suzuki be leaving Japan?
I knew Tom would ask that.
Easier said than done.
Don't be fooled.
Did you call him up yesterday?
Open your mouth!
It's not much, but I hope you'll like it.
Where is the pain?
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower of Paris.
I don't drink much wine.
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
Don't waste time.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
Tom is as tall as his father.
I really want to know her name.
I can barely stand.
He shaves four times a week.
Do you speak English?
You don't look like you're having a good day.
I'm afraid it'll rain tomorrow.
Ignorance is not an indication of stupidity.
Do you know how to use this camera?
I am sure I met him somewhere, but I do not remember who he is.
I have a sore throat.
I have visited more than nine countries so far.
I am terribly hungry.
She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
I do not want to clean up dog poop.
How many human beings live on Earth?
Each boy has a bike.
Lisa pretended not to hear.
Tell me what you're crying about.
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
Brexit means Brexit.
You should get your eyes checked.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
There are no classes today.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
Her name often escapes me.
Do you have a pen?
Call me when you are ready to go.
The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
I asked him not to bother me.
I'm tired of watching television.
I think that's too expensive.
Is it a good material?
Keep your hands off my typewriter.
I can't stop sneezing.
Don't run, walk slowly.
He plays the piano better than I do.
My father takes a walk every morning.
"Is he seriously ill?" "I hope not."
He's obsessed with cleanliness.
I said nothing, which made her angry.
I don't like salad.
Everyone knows that.
He is still having doubts.
He is young, but experienced.
How many kidneys does a human being have?
I'm a Christian, but I don't eat pork.
Don't stand too close.
I want to go to see a movie.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Why does Tom need to do that?
I'm sorry, but I'm not paid enough to give a damn.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
Don't confuse "efficacy" with "efficiency".
I plan to go to France next year.
You look very delighted.
By the way, are you free tonight?
Silk feels soft and smooth.
She's in a meeting right now.
His family is large.
I'm not stupid enough to lend him money.
I seem to have a fever.
Neither Tom nor Mary can swim.
What's wrong with you?
He said, "My car is always breaking down."
Where are you going for Christmas vacation?
The garden was larger than I had expected.
Take medicine.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
My watch loses three minutes a week.
I must be getting close.
Don't go to college.
Go away!
Abandon ship!
I understand Scottish Gaelic, but I can't speak it.
Go for it!
He keeps his word.
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.
Wan is prettier than her younger sister.
As for me, I prefer coffee to tea.
The doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Do you know why I'm angry all the time?
I feed my dog once a day.
Don't forget that it's Tom's birthday tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
I can't log in to my account.
So fuckin' what.
He caught hold of my hand.
Now, he's hiding like a mouse.
Layla never answered my question.
Take him away.
This door won't lock.
Where can I buy stamps?
I don't know what to buy him for his birthday.
Tom didn't learn how to play the guitar until he was thirteen.
You can swim much better than he can.
Why didn't you believe me?
If you don't finish your soup, there will be no TV tonight.
I don't want children.
Tampering with evidence is a serious offense.
Give me your word that you won't do that.
Are you proud of your father?
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
However much she eats, she never gains weight.
I'm feeling dizzy.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
I don't know how to pronounce this word.
If only I were as handsome as he is.
There are only two days left.
His health is fragile.
I will include the author's and publisher's names.
He has a cold.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
I don't like to eat sardines, because I think they taste too salty.
He/she looks excited.
I'm not good enough.
There is no happiness in the world, but there is peace and freedom.
I'm a college student.
This book is pretty interesting.
Should I be concerned?
Take the weight off your feet.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
I've lost interest in golf.
You don't have to answer quickly.
I take my camera wherever I go.
There are four seasons in a year, and the one I like most is summer. How about you?
Don't touch my camera.
Tom didn't give up.
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
I must apologize to Ann.
I like white roses better than red ones.
What is the emergency telephone number?
Sure, but don't take your time.
She is never on time.
What? I can't hear you.
He's rich, but obnoxious.
Have you seen his new film?
I've always treated you with respect.
It is difficult, if not impossible, for me to beat him at tennis.
I don't know when I will arrive.
Tom has no idea how Mary ended up in Boston.
Bye!
I wish I had a voice like his!
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
Did we have any English homework due tomorrow?
She can't cook well.
I'm not sure of it either.
As soon as I got home, it began to rain.
He has a cold now.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
I speak a little Japanese.
It's fucking hot.
Where can I buy bricks?
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
I'm still in school.
Are you still mad at me?
Can I cry?
This river is one mile across.
I burned myself with boiling water.
Albania wants to join the European Union.
Can you teach me French?
Now it's your serve.
You can sit if you want.
I'm washing the dishes.
I have no appetite.
I promise you that you'll get a raise after a year.
He sells cars.
I'm angry.
Wherever she goes, her child follows her.
The clock gains five minutes a day.
My brother likes horror movies.
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.
Tom is not fond of pets.
I can't really describe it.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
Lisa pretended not to hear.
Layla was having breakfast.
Applications are due by Monday.
Please introduce me to a cute girl.
May I say something?
He seemed to have thought so.
I am not gay, but my boyfriend is.
Get your mother to do your homework!
Would you like another piece of cake?
There is a little milk left in the bottle.
I decided not to go.
I don't know how I should do it.
There are 24 hours in a day, 60 minutes in an hour, and 60 seconds in a minute.
The girl begged her mother to accompany her.
What's the difference?
I was waiting for a taxi.
I didn't realize you couldn't understand French.
What are you staring at? Never seen a pretty lady?
Get the fuck out!
He still remembers you.
She speaks as if she had really been in France.
I know him.
Does this dress look good on me?
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
Don't worry.
Did you get the letter I sent you?
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
Tom screamed.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
